vADB conf
aMarie-AnneNeimat author
vCoopIS conf
aAlexiosPalinginis author
aFrankBomarius author
aVladimirZadorozhny author
vADBIS conf
aYannisTheodoridis author
vPaRMa conf
aBabisTheodoulidis author
vDEXA conf
aJulioMacedo author
aStephaneGanearski author
vSIGMODRecord conf
aMichaelStonebraker author
aKarlAberer author
vWWW conf
aWeiyiMeng author
vWAIM conf
aWernerKieeling author
vIWDM conf
aMartinGlinz author
vInf.Syst. conf
aAndreasOberweis author
vTemporalAspectsinInformationSystems conf
aAmelcarSernadas author
vOODBS conf
aDavidMaier author
vDG.O conf
aBethGoldstein author
aHuaiguCao author
aPeterH.KahnJr. author
aDustinHillard author
aDavidLazer author
aMarijnJanssen author
aNormanK.Sondheimer author
aNaijunZhou author
vSSDBM conf
aJiongYang author
vICDE conf
aWolf-TiloBalke author
vECDL conf
aRushedKanawati author
aSeung-KyuKo author
aCarolPeters author
aPaulB.Watry author
aDouglasHendry author
aJelaSteinerove author
vJASIST conf
aXiaoFang author
vACMTrans.Inf.Syst. conf
aDirkBahle author
vSIGIR conf
aJimmyJ.Lin author
aMohamedAbdel-Mottaleb author
aJayP.Kesan author
aJoseA.B.Fortes author
aXutongNiu author
aMaheshPalekar author
aReneW.Wagenaar author
aLeiZheng author
aCatherineA.Larson author
vISI conf
aXiaolinQin author
aSharadMehrotra author
aFedericoMicheleFacca author
vEDBTWorkshops conf
aShawnBowers author
aAmitManjhi author
vCIDR conf
aNajuMancheril author
vVLDB conf
aCarloZaniolo author
vACMTrans.DatabaseSyst. conf
aMeichunHsu author
vWeb-AgeInformationManagement conf
aAlainBazan author
vIDEAS conf
aXiaochunYang author
vCODAS conf
aMasahikoTsukamoto author
vDataKnowl.Eng. conf
aAntoniOlive author
aYanchunZhang author
vDEXAWorkshop conf
aR.C.Daniel author
aZe-NianLi author
aPetrKroha author
aRudolfMeller author
aChih-HorngKe author
vMobileDataManagement conf
aSoichiHasegawa author
aAntonioSi author
aLucantonioGhionna author
aYipingKe author
aDavidHung-ChangDu author
vSIGMODConference conf
aArielFuxman author
aT.Y.CliffLeung author
aTwee-HeeOng author
aHans-PeterKriegel author
aFrancescoM.Malvestuto author
vPODS conf
aAliSamanTosun author
aMichalisPotamias author
aJiaweiHan author
vIEEETrans.Knowl.DataEng. conf
aGiuseppePelagatti author
aRalfHartmutGeting author
vGIS conf
aNicoVandeWeghe author
vER(Workshops) conf
aEduardoFernendez-Medina author
vDBSec conf
aAriMoesriamiBarmawi author
aChristianEckert author
aMustafaCanim author
aKentE.Seamons author
aJaideepVaidya author
aZanHuang author
vJCDL conf
aTaikanOki author
aJulieannaRichardson author
aRichardFuruta author
aMingMao author
aNorikoKando author
vSIGIRForum conf
aBrianD.Davison author
vKDD conf
aChenghuiLi author
aDachengTao author
vICDM conf
aHenrySoldano author
aAndreasSchaller author
aJianChen author
aWeiLi author
aSzu-ChiWang author
aRichardVdovjak author
aKerstinSchwarz author
aYaliZhu author
aKengLikTeo author
aBabakFalsafi author
vDaMoN conf
aMianLu author
aAtulAdya author
aArvindArasu author
aHans-ArnoJacobsen author
vOTMConferences(1) conf
aGeroDecker author
vBPM conf
aHajoA.Reijers author
vInt.J.CooperativeInf.Syst. conf
aMaurizioLenzerini author
vICDT conf
aK.Vidyasankar author
vWISE conf
aPrasenjitMitra author
aThomasL.Milbank author
aEdwardClarkson author
aYiluZhou author
aChristopherC.Yang author
vACMDL conf
aBillN.Schilit author
aShawneD.Miksa author
aAbebeRorissa author
aChristingerTomer author
vInf.Process.Manage. conf
aRalfBierig author
aC.J.vanRijsbergen author
vECIR conf
aAndreasHotho author
aAlexanderP.Topchy author
aWeiFan author
aShinAndo author
aJinshanTang author
aZengLian author
aShantanuGodbole author
aDavidP.Naidich author
aDonM.Tucker author
aLisaFriedland author
aVipinKumar author
vPAKDD conf
aPingLing author
aBernhardSchelkopf author
aQiankunZhao author
aAlanP.Parkes author
aY.Zhang author
aShinkakuKashiji author
aPaulOver author
aKeizoOyama author
vDANTE conf
aKuniakiUehara author
aFabrizioDiLoreto author
aMohamedT.Ibrahim author
aJangHoPark author
aFraneoisBlanchard author
aRobertHolton author
aPeterBodorik author
vDPDS conf
aAvrahamLeff author
aPhilipS.Yu author
aUtkarshSrivastava author
aTobinJ.Lehman author
aMatthewDenny author
aAntonyL.Hosking author
vPOS conf
aAlanDearle author
aTonyPrintezis author
aRamezElmasri author
aLalitGarg author
aLukeTucker author
aBengChinOoi author
vVLDBJ. conf
aM.Tamerezsu author
vVDB conf
aEugenioCastelli author
aGerardHegron author
aAndyColebourne author
aBingXu author
aWaqarHasan author
aThemisPalpanas author
vSEBD conf
aLucaCabibbo author
aDonatoMalerba author
aClaudioGennaro author
vIRCDL conf
aAlessandroMartin author
aAndreaMarcante author
aPietroPala author
vDistributedMultimediaInformationRetrieval conf
aMingLuo author
vTREC conf
aGiridharanIyengar author
aGerardDreyfus author
aVictorSheftel author
aFabioCrestani author
aTaoTao author
aHidekiKoike author
aAvigdorGal author
aDorotheaBeringer author
vCAiSE conf
aEkateriniIoannou author
aZivBaida author
aJean-LucHainaut author
vER conf
aRudiStuder author
vFromIntegratedPublicationandInformationSystemstoVirtualInformationandKnowledgeEnvironments conf
aTizianaCatarci author
aAndersAndersson author
aFlaviusFrasincar author
vWISM conf
aIreneGarriges author
vAPWeb conf
aKiyoungKim author
aCarlosEduardoBarbosa author
aShaziaWasimSadiq author
aTheodoreDalamagas author
aSandroDanielCamillo author
aHidekiSato author
aMichaelBryan author
aAndreFlory author
vIADT conf
vADBISResearchCommunications conf
aLailaNiedrite author
aLuigiUbezio author
aGongqingWu author
aRimantasButleris author
aAlfredoCuzzocrea author
aRedaAlhajj author
vDEXAWorkshops conf
aYelenaYesha author
vEDBT conf
aMichaelJ.Maher author
aPeterM.G.Apers author
vICDEWorkshops conf
aRolfWojtech author
aVasilisVassalos author
aAoyingZhou author
aByravRamamurthy author
aPanosK.Chrysanthis author
vDatabasesandApplications conf
aYoung-KyoonSuh author
aChong-SooCheung author
aTasosPtohos author
aBryonK.Ehlmann author
aTolgaBozkaya author
aJosephJeJe author
aAnilK.Jain author
aJin-DukLee author
aAaronCrosland author
aM.Patil author
aChamindradeSilva author
aDavidRibes author
aRobertCerveny author
aezlemUzuner author
aDavidCarmel author
aJamesAllan author
aKeithH.Stirling author
aDolfTrieschnigg author
aPadminiSrinivasan author
vWIDM conf
aQingCui author
aCristinaRibeiro author
aJuanManuelPerez author
aDavidE.Woodin author
aSimonGibson author
aAnneSchlicht author
aKatsuyaTanaka author
aAkiyoNadamoto author
aChristianSallaberry author
aNirmalMukhi author
aKwanghoonKim author
aDalingWang author
aJinxiangDong author
aYongqiaoXiao author
vDaWaK conf
aEvangelosDellis author
aPhilippePucheral author
vBDA conf
aGeremeCanals author
aDaoVanTran author
aHironoriWashizaki author
aAxelHallez author
aFabioFassetti author
aCristinaDeCastro author
aGeorgesDeMoor author
aMichaelHinkey author
aChristianBreiteneder author
aBalachanderKrishnamurthy author
aJeffreyA.Bedell author
aErichJ.Neuhold author
vIFIPWorkingConferenceonModellinginDataBaseManagementSystems conf
aPatrickA.V.Hall author
aBarbaraPernici author
aJordiCabot author
vNLDB conf
aMastanValiShaik author
aKorrisFu-LaiChung author
aHiroakiUeda author
aMarekWojciechowski author
aA.MinTjoa author
aSergioLifschitz author
aMalikaGuerni author
vDOOD conf
aChristopheRigotti author
vDOLAP conf
aJoachimHammer author
aLiamRelihan author
aQinZhang author
vNGITS conf
aWernerNutt author
vWebDB(InformalProceedings) conf
aRajasekarKrishnamurthy author
aHaraldSchening author
aRobertaCochrane author
aMaria-EstherVidal author
vWebDB conf
aKuleshShanmugasundaram author
aEimanElnahrawy author
aAmelieMarian author
aVictorVianu author
aHenryF.Korth author
aVedaC.Storey author
aRickyK.Taira author
vIEEEDataEng.Bull. conf
aRonaldFagin author
aEliasKoutsoupias author
aWilliamManiatty author
aGuorenWang author
aZengyouHe author
aDongilKim author
aFathiH.Saad author
aEdwardOmiecinski author
aToshiyukiAmagasa author
vADBIS-DASFAA conf
aBongheeHong author
aGottfriedVossen author
aCristinaCachero author
vERWorkshops conf
aJose-NorbertoMazen author
aIl-YeolSong author
aDenisedeVries author
vAPCCM conf
aAlexA.Verrijn-Stuart author
aPericlesLoucopoulos author
aPeterBarna author
aEricS.K.Yu author
vCASCON conf
aMohammadAhmadMunawar author
aRichardM.Helms author
aTakeshiShinohara author
vSPIRE conf
aJussiKarlgren author
vCLEF conf
aAurelioLepez author
aGregoryGrefenstette author
aToddWard author
aKeWang author
vPDIS conf
aSeenBaker author
aVolkerMarkl author
aBenKao author
aTengjiaoWang author
aNicolasBruno author
aDanielAbugov author
aHweeBongKwah author
aStefanBrecheisen author
aDavidS.Channin author
aMartinH.C.Law author
vSDM conf
aDanielLemire author
aAnastasiosViglas author
aKenichiKurihara author
aArnoSiebes author
aLiangHuaiYang author
aMinosN.Garofalakis author
aSamuelMadden author
aValTannen author
aAlinDeutsch author
aAndrewLaursen author
aTianHe author
aArieShoshani author
vJ.Intell.Inf.Syst. conf
aTapioElomaa author
vPKDD conf
aArthurFlexer author
aShojiHirano author
vICDMWorkshops conf
aMazenAboukhamis author
aOnurKardes author
aTakashiWashio author
aRichardKirkby author
vGeoInformatica conf
aUlrichLenk author
aYongliLi author
aMontserratBeo author
aMikeWulder author
aLuizAntonioNogueiraLorena author
aThierryUbeda author
aJimPeterson author
aMinDeng author
aIbrahimKamel author
vCIKM conf
aMengChenLee author
aEricS.Lee author
aUlfLeser author
aWen-LianHsu author
aMostafaHaghjoo author
aGunterSaake author
aPeterBuneman author
aJenniferSeberry author
vAustralasianDatabaseConference conf
aHongjunLu author
vRIDE-IMS conf
aWitoldLitwin author
aGuozhuDong author
aPevelCalado author
aWynneHsu author
vDASFAA conf
aLeszekA.Maciaszek author
aKlaus-DieterSchewe author
aRainerConrad author
aC.Wieland author
vBTW conf
aBarbaraFerkinghoff author
aAndreasBehmann author
aMukeshSinghal author
aCurtisE.Dyreson author
aRaghuRamakrishnan author
aTomCrecelius author
aLimsoonWong author
aAnantJhingran author
aAndreLuizdaCostaCarvalho author
vSBBD conf
aHumbertoLuizRazente author
aMarcosAndreGonealves author
aJoeoM.B.Cavalcanti author
aChrisBuckley author
aNickCraswell author
aG.L.Moore author
aEmiliaStoica author
aNicholasJ.Belkin author
aNadiaCaidi author
aRuthMitchell author
aBrianSchottlaender author
vICADL conf
aChristianKohlschetter author
aGregorHeinrich author
aOlgaVechtomova author
aCraigMacdonald author
aEfthimisN.Efthimiadis author
aMouniaLalmas author
vADBIS(LocalProceedings) conf
aJaroslavPokorne author
aPanayotisKolevris author
aCesareTaurino author
aAbdulBabar author
aSeppoPuuronen author
aNanZhang0009 author
aFengBao author
aVagelisHristidis author
aAlfonsKemper author
aJeffreyJunfengPan author
aJustinZobel author
aWilliamF.Storer author
aTheoP.vanderWeide author
vORM conf
aJulieA.James author
aCatherineA.Ewald author
aJohannEder author
aJose-LuisMarzo author
aChokriBenNecib author
aAdrianaMarotta author
aJolitaRalyte author
aFlorisBlaauboer author
aKlausPohl author
aJaimeGemez author
aYukikaAwazu author
aDianaJ.Bernbaum author
aJohnC.Huber author
vJASIS conf
aMichaelLesk author
aCarolCollierKuhlthau author
aSaraTompson author
aWilliamE.Landis author
aS.F.Miller author
aPeilingWang author
aCarolL.Barry author
aAnneH.H.Ngu author
aGiuseppeSantucci author
aZbigniewW.Ras author
aBinyaminRosenfeld author
aKazunoriYamaguchi author
vInf.Retr. conf
aKalervoJervelin author
aEladioDomenguez author
aYongguangJiang author
aIsabelleComyn-Wattiau author
aDavidW.Embley author
aClaudeChrisment author
aHockChuanChan author
aDionH.Goh author
aStevenM.Beitzel author
aJamesC.French author
aToshihikoNozue author
aTadeuszRadecki author
aTung-HoWu author
aEmineYilmaz author
aAnkurJain author
aTomaszImielinski author
aSergeAbiteboul author
aIshwarK.Sethi author
aFrederickH.Lochovsky author
aChia-HungWang author
aKlausBerberich author
aPeterMika author
vCoopIS/DOA/ODBASE conf
aSaurabhSahni author
aIstvenBere author
vAIRWeb conf
aAndresA.Benczer author
aWolfgangGatterbauer author
aAndreiZ.Broder author
aTanelTammet author
aMohammedJaveedZaki author
aXiaojinZhu author
aXiaodongLin author
aKamalAli author
aDavidWai-LokCheung author
vWEBKDD conf
aDimitriosKatsaros author
aHonWaiChun author
aKrzysztofKoperski author
aNickKoudas author
aGoetzGraefe author
aMartinEster author
aGayatriSathe author
aRaymondT.Ng author
vSIGKDDExplorations conf
aMarkoGrobelnik author
vEWMF/KDO conf
aBenjaminPiwowarski author
aRicardoA.Baeza-Yates author
aLillianLee author
aNingLiu author
vDMKD conf
aCarstenPohle author
aMukkaiS.Krishnamoorthy author
aElizabethD.Liddy author
aAlexanderDolotov author
aAabhasV.Paliwal author
aPeterZ.Revesz author
aJenosDemetrovics author
aOuriWolfson author
vACMSIGMODDigitalReview conf
aChristianS.Jensen author
aHans-WernerSehring author
aDarkoCerepnalkoski author
aAnnaRoselle author
vADBIS-DASFAASymposium conf
aJean-FraneoisBoulicaut author
aDanielA.Keim author
aYiyuYao author
aMartinHoefer author
aA.H.Tan author
aChao-TonSu author
aRobertoBaldoni author
aNicolaasJ.I.Mars author
aDeboraShaw author
aVetleI.Torvik author
aHsinchunChen author
aEdwardA.Fox author
aMichaelR.Lyu author
aZoranStejic author
aMatildeK.Stephenson author
aNancyL.Geller author
aNathanielE.Johnson author
aClaireWarwick author
aEdwardJ.Hertenstein author
aBertR.Boyce author
aRajeevR.Raje author
aBrentO.Palmer author
aKyoKageura author
aGerardSalton author
aJacobBerlin author
aDuriSchmidt author
aKlausR.Dittrich author
aMahdiAbdelguerfi author
aYufeiTao author
aAlinDobra author
aMichaelDohler author
aSharonMcCureKuck author
aJosephM.Hellerstein author
aJergenHansson author
aPeterB.Miller author
aDanSuciu author
aChrisJermaine author
vSIGMODWorkshop conf
aLuisGravano author
aAhmedA.Soror author
aStefanoCrespi-Reghizzi author
aMironLivny author
aDavidWalrath author
aSamratGanguly author
aMasaruHonjo author
aWenyuanDai author
aStevenSalzberg author
aEdwardY.Chang author
aGopalKrishna author
aRosineCicchetti author
aTalelAbdessalem author
aMaudeManouvrier author
aMarleneVillanova-Oliver author
aJongP.Yoon author
aBorisMuller author
aMarleneGoncalves author
aH.Glavic author
aYoshiharuIshikawa author
vAPWeb/WAIM conf
aXianminLiu author
aChunChen author
aS.K.MichaelWong author
aShang-RongTsai author
aDavidK.Johnson author
aJamesBailey author
aJiyingWang author
vVLDBPhDWorkshop conf
aStefaniaMarrara author
vDBPL conf
aIriniFundulaki author
aGabrielWeaver author
aEduardBudulea author
aNithiwatKampanya author
aPasqualePagano author
vDELOSConference conf
aThomasLidy author
vCIVR conf
aReinierH.vanLeuken author
aHenningMeller author
aTomerAmiaz author
aValerieGouet-Brunet author
aHangzaiLuo author
aHaizhouAi author
aHariSundaram author
aMichaelG.Christel author
aYanQin author
aJonW.Dunn author
aJanaBradley author
aMatthewS.Mayernik author
aYannickPrie author
aMichaelGaylord author
aRobertIkeda author
aGeorgiosPaliouras author
aWilliamS.Cooper author
aYousefSaad author
aLifangGu author
vSelectedPapersfromAusDM conf
aTianQiu author
aNitinMangal author
aJieChen author
aJohannesAefalg author
aDonovanHsieh author
aAhmedK.Elmagarmid author
vADBIS(localproceedings) conf
aAndreasBehrend author
aMariaNitsiou author
aZsoltHerneth author
aVeclavSnesel author
aJeremeSimeon author
aJun'ichiTatemura author
aJeromeP.Reiter author
aWeiWang author
aDirkAnsorge author
aEunYongKang author
aYen-JenOyang author
aSumeiXu author
aMasaruKitsuregawa author
aAlainCasali author
aOmarBenjelloun author
aSeemaSundara author
aYannisE.Ioannidis author
aDevanandPalaniswami author
aMarcSageman author
aCliveBest author
aAnaIsabelCanhoto author
aSangmiChai author
aMichelRiguidel author
aYing-LongWang author
aFeiqiongLiu author
aEeraMittur author
aClarkD.Thomborson author
aHeejoLee author
aFei-YueWang author
aSundriK.Khalsa author
aK.SeleukCandan author
aChing-HsiangTsai author
aJackG.Conrad author
aKarlMochel author
aMarciaLeiZeng author
aTzu-hengChiu author
aAijunAn author
aRonaldK.Pearson author
aGeethaJagannathan author
aYasutoshiYajima author
aLamisHawarah author
aDoloresMareaLlide author
aPauloMartinsEngel author
aJinmeiXu author
aKatsumiTanaka author
aYunYang author
aXiaolingWang author
aBensonMargulies author
aBenjaminG.Zorn author
aTatuYlenen author
aCharlesX.Ling author
aSaumyaK.Debray author
aLaurenceCholvy author
vExpertDatabaseConf. conf
aPatrickValduriez author
aPeterTriantafillou author
aTochukwuIwuchukwu author
aJianPei author
aTorbenBachPedersen author
aManoranjanDash author
aAh-HweeTan author
aFraneois-XavierJollois author
aKitsanaWaiyamai author
aLiQin author
vJ.DataSemanticsV conf
aJesesBermedez author
aGiorgioTerracina author
vKnowl.Inf.Syst. conf
aLeonidSheremetov author
aSpiridonD.Likothanassis author
aDouglasStottParkerJr. author
vExpertDatabaseWorkshop conf
aAntonioL.Furtado author
aSetragKhoshafian author
aChenChen author
aPeterJ.Haas author
aSungRanCho author
aGeorgePanagopoulos author
aAmbujK.Singh author
aPaoloAtzeni author
vMFDBS conf
aPascalOstermann author
aJanParedaens author
vSSD conf
aM.HowardWilliams author
vRulesinDatabaseSystems conf
aNormanW.Paton author
aH.V.Jagadish author
vINEXWorkshop conf
aByungJuMoon author
aIlvioBruder author
aJensGraupmann author
aAlbertoO.Mendelzon author
aLuigiPalopoli author
aWanChoi author
aLing-LingYan author
vRIDE conf
aYingjiuLi author
aJ.Halle author
vAdvancesinDataBaseTheory conf
aRaymondReiter author
aJosepMariaMateo-Sanz author
aTatsuyaMori author
aKerstinDenecke author
aPaoloCiaccia author
aAlexandrosNanopoulos author
aMonikaSester author
aLeilaDeFloriani author
aIgorTimko author
aAzzedineBoukerche author
aGiulianaVitiello author
vGIR conf
aSimonE.Overell author
aJinggangWang author
aNicolaStokes author
aFernandoLlopis author
aJordiTurmo author
aLuesFernandoCosta author
aJoseManuelGemezSoriano author
aLarsAsker author
aHeikeHofmann author
aEsaJunttila author
aAndreasMaier author
aGerdStumme author
aNidalM.Zeidat author
aRuiLi author
vADMA conf
aYushengXu author
aNikolaKasabov author
aGonzaloRamos-Jimenez author
aAndrewStranieri author
vDS-6 conf
aChengHianGoh author
aEdwardSciore author
aMagdalenaBalazinska author
aZaiqingNie author
aGrahamJ.Williams author
aOscarMangisengi author
vWISE(2) conf
aMasahiroTakatsuka author
aRomanUrro author
aPatriceBoursier author
vACM-GIS conf
vMDM conf
aMilesEfron author
aRobertHauptman author
aM.K.Raza author
aDavidR.Karger author
aSurajitChaudhuri author
aUgureetintemel author
aJergSander author
aTeutaStefi author
aMutluUysal author
aWesselKraaij author
aWeiZhang author
vWWWPosters conf
aVedhagiriValliappan author
aGen-ichiroKikui author
aHirofumiIori author
aYuichiUehara author
aHuiDing author
aQusayH.Mahmoud author
aMengchiLiu author
aYoadGidron author
aFranckMorvan author
vJ.DatabaseManag. conf
aRonWeber author
aHongVaLeong author
aKemaforAnyanwu author
aJanetL.Wiener author
aJalalMahmud author
aAkshatVerma author
aDavidScott author
aYuuichiSomeya author
aChoonhwaLee author
aKiyoungYang author
aGiuseppeManco author
aZengpingTian author
vInt.J.onDigitalLibraries conf
aMarcoAiello author
aDeborahL.McGuinness author
aShyamalaDoraisamy author
aRajshekharSunderraman author
aKotagiriRamamohanarao author
aDongqingYang author
aYaoqiangXu author
vDNIS conf
aCorneliaBoldyreff author
aZhenyingHe author
aFengCao author
aHaifengLi author
aPinarOezdenWennerberg author
aM.AnilYazici author
aLongWang author
aMarcRittberger author
vNetworkedInformationRetrieval conf
aKaiGroejohann author
aAlexanderKrumpholz author
vINEX conf
aHirokiTanioka author
aMarkusHagenbuchner author
aThijsWesterveld author
aKlerissonVineciusRibeiroPaixeo author
aAntoineDoucet author
aKarstenRiis author
aSangHyukSon author
aDimitriosGunopulos author
aMarcMaier author
aDavidEmmitt author
aGeorgeForman author
vKDDWorkshop conf
aSrinivasanParthasarathy author
aSteveKelling author
aArthurAsuncion author
aNavalK.Verma author
aKennethW.Ng author
aDanielM.Dias author
vRIDE-TQP conf
aRichardR.Muntz author
aJ.Iossiphidis author
aMarkusStumptner author
aAitzolAstigarraga author
aDamienBrain author
aMaybinK.Muyeba author
aKazuoUshijima author
aChristineCollet author
aLucBouganim author
aLotfiLakhal author
aAlexanderBorgida author
aJohnJ.Leggett author
vHypertext conf
aJohannaBucur author
aLennertSloth author
aJohnRiedl author
aYuxinChen author
aShunsukeUemura author
aAbdelazizBensrhair author
aPaulClough author
aAndresMontoyo author
aJesesVilares author
aRikardHarr author
aJoong-BaeKim author
aMukeshK.Mohania author
aWilliamJ.Campbell author
aPaulD.Stachour author
aHaimontiDutta author
aBoydGatlin author
aBarnaSaha author
aAsumanSuenbuel author
aVikramChandramohan author
aMihoOhsaki author
aLeiTang author
aJouniK.Seppenen author
aOsmarR.Zaeane author
aJieTang author
aWonKim author
aXiaoxinYin author
aAlexanderGray author
aElkeAchtert author
aMinXie author
aJoachimW.Schmidt author
aFlorisGeerts author
vKDID conf
aFrancoTurini author
aVijayshankarRaman author
aVictorM.Markowitz author
aBennyKimelfeld author
aNelsonMendoneaMattos author
aDennisShasha author
aOlgaDeTroyer author
aVladislavShkapenyuk author
aDieterPfoser author
aBartOrriens author
aAngeloBrayner author
aLeonardoGuerreiroAzevedo author
vGeoInfo conf
aLeilaMariaGarciaFonseca author
aRonaldoAparecidodaSilva author
aJulianoLopesdeOliveira author
aPeterFisher author
aPatrickBergougnoux author
aHuiLin author
aSunroLee author
aRobertF.Cohen author
aOdedShmueli author
aDanielA.Menasce author
aQingLi author
aMatthiasDeGeyter author
aBorislavPopov author
vBTWWorkshops conf
aMariusPreda author
aLaurentBoch author
aMarkoRosenmeller author
vSoftwareEngineeringforTailor-madeDataManagement conf
aArneMunch-Ellingsen author
aKlausMeyer-Wegener author
aJeffreyS.Rosenschein author
aMadhavanGanesh author
vKRDB conf
aAmedeoNapoli author
vDILS conf
aBjernErlendsson author
aIvoGrosse author
vLWA conf
aGunterGrieser author
aBernhardSeeger author
aHartmutWedekind author
aSriramPadmanabhan author
aFeiPan author
vADC conf
aPatrickvanBommel author
aJeffreyE.Kottemann author
aNicolasSpyratos author
aAnthonyWatson author
aLudwinFuchs author
aStijnHoppenbrouwers author
aLuisFilipeAndrade author
aFadiP.Deek author
aUlfSundin author
aPhilippeA.Palanque author
aVasileDadarlat author
aColetteRolland author
aMarcelaGenero author
aShuigengZhou author
aSatoshiOyama author
aAlexvanBallegooij author
aErichSchweighofer author
aAndryRakotonirainy author
aMarioSedholt author
aDomenicoRosaci author
vFQAS conf
aKaiKorpimies author
vCoLIS conf
aMaristellaAgosti author
vESSIR conf
aSougataMukherjea author
aGeorgeKarypis author
aHiroyujiAkimori author
aThomasSeidl author
aLarryKorba author
aAompilaiManorat author
aJongHwanSuh author
aJong-MinKim author
aDiegoKlabjan author
aBoQu author
aFuzengZhang author
aHao-mingWang author
aGuozhongQu author
aVincentT.Y.Ng author
aAlanL.Cox author
aMirekRiedewald author
aJayF.Nunamaker author
aYanZhai author
aAshrafU.Kazi author
aBenjaminB.M.Shao author
aAlokN.Choudhary author
aFranzOppacher author
aJeffreyF.Naughton author
aStanleyY.W.Su author
aTongLi author
aFabioGrandi author
aJuanM.Fernendez-Luna author
aW.G.Hoyle author
vInformationStorageandRetrieval conf
aJ.FrancisReintjes author
aHorstW.J.Rittel author
aDonaldJ.Hillman author
aStephenF.Weiss author
aCyrilW.Cleverdon author
aHerbertNickelsen author
aM.LynneNeufeld author
aH.D.M.Jager author
aMichaelK.Buckland author
aMarciaJ.Bates author
aHenrykRybinski author
aAnnePutkonen author
aA.R.Reuber author
aS.N.Maheshwari author
aTharamS.Dillon author
aKamalakarKarlapalem author
vWES conf
aStuartE.Madnick author
aAnthonyTomasic author
aWesleyW.Chu author
aVassilisJ.Tsotras author
vACMTrans.InternetTechn. conf
aLi-MingTseng author
aMichalisPetropoulos author
aJoseOrellana author
aJinSoungYoo author
aGoceTrajcevski author
aAnneDoucet author
aXiaohuaHu author
aDavidJ.Haglin author
aStefanA.Robila author
aJingGao author
vIQ conf
aSusanCarter author
aPetrisorOprea author
aRichardY.Wang author
aDalvaniLima author
aJohnR.Talburt author
aAbrarHaider author
aYasuhiroTanaka author
aYangW.Lee author
aMarkusHelfert author
vDMDW conf
aLutzSchlesinger author
aAlbertoAbelle author
aJungWanCho author
aBerjeLangefors author
vAustralianDatabaseConference conf
aKazutakaFuruse author
vCISMOD conf
aAnneHelgaSeltveit author
aMikeP.Papazoglou author
aSuliemanBani-Ahmad author
aStefanieScherzinger author
vXIME-P conf
aDonaldKossmann author
aJohnC.Shafer author
aGautamBhargava author
aAbdurChowdhury author
aShichaoZhang author
aJimingLiu author
aFrankSchen author
aMatthiasJarke author
aRichardHull author
aMenasKafatos author
aEnricoFranconi author
vCAiSEWorkshops(3) conf
aLeonidA.Kalinichenko author
aHichamG.Elmongui author
aFedericaCena author
aMeikeReichle author
aRaikoEckstein author
aMichaelThess author
aTinaWaligora author
aJensKeilwagen author
aBjernBringmann author
aMarkSanderson author
aAoFeng author
aDavidA.Evans author
aWei-YingMa author
aDaliaTiesyte author
aJinwonLee author
vDBISP2P conf
aYannisPetrakis author
aShanlingYang author
aJiaguangSun author
aFuxiangGao author
aYubaoLiu author
aChuang-ChengChiu author
aMasateruHarao author
aChih-MingHo author
aLingzhiLiao author
aZhenminTang author
aDit-YanYeung author
aGong-XinYu author
aStefanWrobel author
aRohiniK.Srihari author
aKunZhao author
aPeterB.Volk author
aShuHuang author
aMehdiSharifzadeh author
aMarianH.Nodine author
aRamanaYerneni author
aMarkSullivan author
aLisaFong author
aR.L.Benneworth author
aYasuhikoMorimoto author
aHiroshiArisawa author
aMareadelCarmenRomero author
aYuTang author
aGiansalvatoreMecca author
aAndreasGeppert author
aJoergEvermann author
aAndersFriis-Christensen author
aPaulH.Lewis author
aYuxinPeng author
vAIRS conf
aShiweiTang author
aJayantR.Haritsa author
aSolveigTorgersen author
aJamesA.Kadin author
aXiaohongWang author
aMichaelF.McTear author
aMarcoMesiti author
vXSym conf
aPeterT.Wood author
aPierpaoloVittorini author
vCIMS conf
aCarlosOrdonez author
aFerdinandodiOrio author
aMarcoLaCascia author
aLaksV.S.Lakshmanan author
aSoniaBergamaschi author
aNickolasJ.G.Falkner author
aMichaelGranitzer author
aTomoyukiIshida author
aLiLiu author
aMichaelVassilakopoulos author
aUdoW.Lipeck author
vTemporalDatabases conf
vFMLDO conf
aMeikeAlbrecht author
vADCS conf
aJosephG.Davis author
aAlanWoodley author
aCraigSilverstein author
aMingzhuWei author
aGerardWijers author
aThomasThalhammer author
aPanagiotisPapapetrou author
aAshokSamal author
aRichCaruana author
aYimingYang author
aPaulB.Thistlewaite author
aRoyRada author
vHIM conf
aNorbertGevert author
vIntelligentSearchonXMLData conf
aHenkErnstBlok author
aJosephRaben author
aDanielEngovatov author
aPeterL.Stanchev author
aChengXiangZhai author
aChi-HungChi author
aAnthonyG.Cohn author
aStefanSteiniger author
aSnehalThakkar author
vSSTD conf
aChristopherB.Jones author
aDimitrisPapadias author
aDhruvPilania author
aRajivMehrotra author
aUnYongNahm author
aJian-YunNie author
vACMTrans.AsianLang.Inf.Process. conf
aAlexWaibel author
aRejwanulHaque author
vSIGIRWorkshop:InformationRetrievalTechniquesforSpeechApplications conf
aBerrydeBruijn author
aMehmetKayaalp author
aVinayK.Chaudhri author
aHyoung-SamHeo author
aYi-GyuHwang author
aG.Kim author
aVasinPunyakanok author
aC.Bremkamp author
aByung-KwanKwak author
aYinweiZhan author
aMingjingLi author
aInderjeetMani author
aKokF.Lai author
aDanE.Albertson author
aPhilipL.Tilker author
aYuePan author
aThomasSchwentick author
vFoundationsofSemistructuredData conf
aElioMasciari author
aRakeshAgrawal author
aFraneoiseFabret author
aStefanoCeri author
aArunN.Swami author
aAntonioPizzarello author
aWilliamH.Mansfield author
aRajAcharya author
aDanielRainey author
aTeresaM.Harrison author
aJuliaCulver-Hopper author
aSibelAdali author
aBinTang author
aShenghuaBao author
aZhi-HuaZhou author
aXingzhiSun author
aBaiWang author
aWenyinZhang author
aKyung-sukLhee author
aKesarapornTechapichetvanich author
aJudithPaven author
aSororSahri author
aKenroAihara author
aMasahiroKuzunishi author
aHassanReza author
aAsakoIjichi author
aMadaniKenab author
aHienNamLe author
aJoseCremades author
aElenaFerrari author
aMassimoMelucci author
aByungSukLee author
aBoualemBenatallah author
vDistributedandParallelDatabases conf
aHalaSkaf-Molli author
aRaviMukkamala author
aTaiXin author
aD.ShaynePitcock author
aJ.M.Perez author
aTokWangLing author
aDavideMartinenghi author
aTaoWan author
vADL conf
aQiZheng author
aMichaelL.Nelson author
aDougSchiff author
aLauraM.Bartolo author
aJ.StephenDownie author
aV.Kluev author
aDonnaHarman author
aStefanM.Reger author
aNorioKatayama author
aOwenCooper author
aDennisTsichritzis author
aDavidJ.DeWitt author
aKaiC.Wong author
aAhmedEmam author
aJohnHaydu author
aLouiqaRaschid author
aHiromichiFujisawa author
vInt.J.Comput.Proc.OrientalLang. conf
aDongyangLong author
aZhuoranWang author
aDominiqueLaurent author
aJianwenSu author
aMosheY.Vardi author
aAlessandroPanconesi author
vWSDM conf
aAndreasNeumann author
aMichaelTaylor author
aXiaojunWan author
aVikramSubramanya author
aOlenaParkhomenko author
aDavidB.Leake author
aWonjunLee author
aSanjaiTiwari author
aDanielBerleant author
aRostaFarzan author
aLindaAkli author
aMichaelKhoo author
aHidekiSunahara author
vKyotoInternationalConferenceonDigitalLibraries conf
aDaijiroMori author
aBruceR.Schatz author
aBinLan author
aRunaBhaumik author
aStefanoMillozzi author
aPeterThiemann author
aOphirHolder author
aMohanKamath author
aNabilI.Hachem author
vJournalofSystemsIntegration conf
aSimonDoong author
aMichaelJ.Carlton author
aWolfgangKlas author
aMohammadAlshayeji author
vSecureDataManagement conf
aRichardBrinkman author
aErezShmueli author
aYannisVelegrakis author
aGordonW.Paynter author
aHajarSotudeh author
aHeshanSun author
aRobKling author
aHughE.Williams author
aSalahA.Khairy author
aJacquesRouault author
aCindyP.Schriber author
aDavidJ.Harper author
aRosalindFord author
aStephanieW.Haas author
aMichaelD.Cooper author
aRobertE.Johnson author
aJohnCarloBertot author
aHadasWeinberger author
aDongsongZhang author
aGondyLeroy author
aYuen-HsienTseng author
aGarethHarries author
aHoracioSaggion author
aMirandaLeePao author
aWilliamM.ShawJr. author
aAmandaSpink author
aKasperGraarup author
aKarenE.Pettigrew author
aSimeonWarner author
aSallyJoCunningham author
aShahrokhSaeednia author
aStavrosChristodoulakis author
aWaiLam author
aSrinivasaNarayanan author
aHenriquePaques author
aDirkVermeir author
vHPTS conf
aDeanS.Daniels author
aGraemeN.Dixon author
aMitchCherniack author
aAmrElAbbadi author
aTalAnker author
aBorisLavva author
aAlejandroP.Buchmann author
aSuzanneM.Embury author
aMaryMcLeish author
aJimGray author
aMichaelRosemann author
aDennisMcLeod author
aYuelongJiang author
aChristianSohler author
aAlonY.Levy author
aRajivJauhari author
aSuguruKawakami author
aGerdSchiffner author
aChengHsu author
aAliH.Dogru author
aClaudeGodart author
aBruceJackson author
aMartinGrohe author
aRichardHelm author
aBoazBarak author
aKazimierzSubieta author
aCarloSansone author
aKittisakKerdprasop author
aSaidElnaffar author
aMichalisVazirgiannis author
aRobertJ.Glushko author
vECHT conf
aMichaelJoyce author
aE.JamesWhiteheadJr. author
aYogeshSingh author
aP.Macasovic author
aSerenaPisani author
aNectariaTryfona author
aDanielaNicklas author
aAishwaryaBose author
aRiccardoRosati author
aKarenC.Davis author
aRiccardoTorlone author
aI-MinA.Chen author
aJohannesGehrke author
aXifengYan author
aMing-SyanChen author
aXiaoyangSeanWang author
aReynoldCheng author
aNarainH.Gehani author
aLingLiu author
aMarinaBuzzi author
aGirishChafle author
aMichaelWollowski author
aMarinoSegnan author
aVijayMann author
aBingLiu author
aMichaelJ.Pazzani author
aCarlosSoares author
aTarekHamrouni author
aA.Gemez author
aHeinerStuckenschmidt author
aGeorgeBuchanan author
aKerriL.Kislin author
aBartPalmer author
aChing-chihChen author
aChao-ChenChen author
aWilliamJ.Hubbard author
aHsin-HsiChen author
vIWRIDL conf
aKarenSperckJones author
aSedaOzmutlu author
aRobertM.Losee author
aZiminWu author
aCharlesB.Faulhaber author
aDavidT.Barnard author
aJeanTague-Sutcliffe author
aRobertBricker author
aMelanieJ.Norton author
aGaryMarchionini author
aIanRoberts author
aCathalGurrin author
aVittorioCastelli author
aDallanQuass author
aNileshN.Dalvi author
aLeonardoMeo-Evoli author
aArminB.Cremers author
vJ.WebEng. conf
aSantiagoMelie author
vMDWE conf
aGeert-JanHouben author
vAFIPSNCC conf
aStewartA.Schuster author
aRexBlankinship author
aRaviKumar author
aRynsonW.H.Lau author
aJunhoShim author
aChristophBussler author
vIEEEConcurrency conf
aJohnCharles author
aMarc-ThomasSchmidt author
aRichardT.Snodgrass author
aRajeevMotwani author
aShamkantB.Navathe author
aC.Mohan author
aYen-YaoYao author
aAlonY.Halevy author
aKarinPetersen author
aDanI.Moldovan author
aJohnBroglio author
aSalimRoukos author
aPaulS.Bradley author
aChengqiZhang author
vMIRA conf
aGiorgioBrajnik author
vWISEWorkshops conf
aMingfangZhu author
aMaxChevalier author
aHichamHajji author
vMultimediaInformationSystems conf
aErhardRahm author
aSteveRozen author
aGhassanZ.Qadah author
aShashiShekhar author
aZhilinLi author
aThierryPaquet author
vSpatio-TemporalDatabases:TheCHOROCHRONOSApproach conf
aLukasRelly author
vSpatio-TemporalDatabaseManagement conf
aGeorgeKollios author
aJefWijsen author
aWolfgangReddig author
aV.S.Subrahmanian author
aMing-EnWang author
aAnilNerode author
aJianLiu author
vInfoscale conf
aYvanSaeys author
aRaffaelePerego author
aDagobertSoergel author
aSilviaGabrielli author
aAlbertoDelBimbo author
aAggelikiDimitriou author
aMaxKaiser author
aDunTan author
aUmaMurthy author
aJenniferN.Swift author
aJ.Ventura author
aTheresaA.Pardo author
aRobertHowell author
aShaileshJoshi author
aShumingTang author
aDovKruger author
aZheWu author
aHomaAtabakhsh author
aSongLin author
aRongJin author
aBenjaminNguyen author
aLuisM.deCampos author
aBarbaraCarminati author
aDanaAlKukhun author
aStefanBettcher author
aJungkeeKim author
vEFIS conf
aRahatIqbal author
vBNCODPosters conf
aSueStirk author
aRitaSteinmetz author
aRemyChoquet author
aYerachDoytsher author
vW2GIS conf
aDraganStojanovic author
aDarrellWoelk author
aJigneshM.Patel author
aLindaNess author
aDongmeiRen author
aDomenicoUrsino author
aSergioLujen-Mora author
aEricP.Xing author
aNitinR.Patel author
aDing-YingChiu author
aDivyaBhadoria author
aChrisClifton author
aVenkataBhamidipati author
aMarcoCremonini author
aMojisolaOlugbode author
aKiwookLim author
aJingfanWang author
aKuiXu author
aKyoung-SooHan author
aVon-WunSoo author
aThomasT.Surprenant author
aPerttiVakkari author
aUmerFarooq author
aRichardC.Bodner author
aHorstD.Simon author
aAbdelsalamHelal author
aAlexAlvesFreitas author
aShow-JaneYen author
aBogdanD.Czejdo author
vActiveConceptualModelingofLearning conf
aXinXu author
aGangLiu author
aMehmetKaya author
aKlausHinrichs author
aEnoThereska author
aGiovannaDamiani author
aStefanoMontanelli author
aWolfgangMueller author
aFloraAmato author
aRadhaAtukula author
aLudgerBecker author
aOmarBoucelma author
vEEXTT conf
aYingGuo author
aBalakrishnaR.Iyer author
aFulinZhang author
aHong-CheuLiu author
aJeongHeeChi author
aJiyongZhang author
aAtulSajjanhar author
aBaojunQiu author
aFengYu-Cai author
aIoannisAntonellis author
aZhaohuiWu author
aHongyuGuo author
aCarlosMontesdeOca author
aTakashiOkada author
aEdwinB.Parker author
aTaoQin author
aIoannisAndreou author
aHaroldBorko author
aGeorgeDenmanHammond author
aPeretzShoval author
aOphirFrieder author
aYoung-GookRa author
aMatteoNegri author
aHeidyMarin-Castro author
aMichaelKluck author
vBCS-IRSGAnnualColloquiumonIRResearch conf
aAlanF.Smeaton author
aIrwinKing author
aPeterF.Patel-Schneider author
aStephenE.Levy author
aHuiGuo author
aSuitWaiYeng author
aRaghuMenon author
aM.MariaDominic author
aChenHuang author
aTeresaM.L.Kong author
aThomasBaker author
aLarsSchmidt-Thieme author
aBenjaminSznajder author
aTonyAbou-Assaleh author
aMarcusFontoura author
aCharlesL.A.Clarke author
aJaapKamps author
vTDM conf
aFranciskadeJong author
aYinLengTheng author
aAndreasRauber author
aWilliamC.Janssen author
aQuangMinhNguyen author
aWeeKeongNg author
aGeorgeMichaels author
aSpirosSkiadopoulos author
aRonnieAlves author
aMarcH.Scholl author
aV.S.Lakshmanan author
aYoramKornatzky author
aReindP.vandeRiet author
aManuelKolp author
aKariLaitinen author
aDimitriosGeorgakopoulos author
aKaoruHiramatsu author
vLocWeb conf
aTorstenSuel author
aIsmailSengerAltingevde author
aYangXu author
aJoseBringelFilho author
aSadaNarayanappa author
aDaisyZheWang author
aHung-ChingChen author
aCharlesE.Taylor author
aYuan-FangLi author
vJ.DataSemanticsVII conf
aAnnaQueralt author
aJunSun0001 author
aPeterFankhauser author
aRudolfBayer author
aAlexanderM.Fedorec author
aKrisKolodziej author
aRaymondCunningham author
aHerbertPodlogar author
aAntonioCalleja author
aAlexanderA.Frolov author
aMong-LiLee author
aSallyI.McClean author
vBNCOD conf
aJulieA.McCann author
aFilippoFurfaro author
aNormanRaver author
aTimothyM.Sutherland author
aTeLi author
aCemEvrendilek author
aJ.WennyRahayu author
aGernotHeyer author
aFioraPirri author
aLissaF.Pollacia author
aNadiraLammari author
aJamesR.Cordy author
aAnkeWeber author
aSongtaoZhang author
aHamishCarr author
aDexterP.Bradshaw author
aTimofeiPopkov author
aKhalilM.Ahmed author
aOlfaNasraoui author
aChristosFaloutsos author
aYirongYang author
aXintaoWu author
aGuofeiJiang author
aDingyiHan author
aMariusPasca author
aChun-NanHsu author
aPadhraicSmyth author
aWeiminXiao author
aMichaelSiegel author
aGautamPant author
aLindaSchmalbeck author
aStefanPohl author
aD.E.Swain author
aAllisonDruin author
aJunliangZhang author
aSarahGiersch author
aCathyS.Lowe author
aDesmondTsoi author
aJohnWeatherley author
aKyleStemen author
aAitaoChen author
aQunxiuChen author
aYanqiuZhang author
aValeriaDeAntonellis author
aNaiyanaTansalarak author
aThomasJ.E.Schwarz author
vIEEESymposiumonMassStorageSystems conf
aDennyK.Miu author
aGeorgeDavidson author
aMichaelD.Beynon author
aMatthewT.O'Keefe author
aBruceClark author
aKrzysztofNienartowicz author
aMedoraMacie author
aTheodoreJohnson author
aOtiliaParlog author
aMunirCochinwala author
aEamonnJ.Keogh author
aOrenZamir author
aYangCao author
aXinWang author
aTomBrijs author
aKuo-YuHuang author
aFrankScherbaum author
aC.LeeGiles author
aStijnVanderlooy author
aWenyuanLi author
aAlkisSimitsis author
aNicolasLumineau author
aAlbrechtSchmidt0002 author
aMarcoSaerens author
aPeterReutemann author
aStefanoLonardi author
aMarkoVrhovnik author
aHaiHe author
aMariaE.Orlowska author
aKarstenWolf author
aTammovanLessen author
aJochenMalteKester author
aKeesM.vanHee author
aKian-LeeTan author
aHadhamiDhraief author
aMujtabaKhambatti author
aTheoniPitoura author
aRogerKing author
aCevdetAykanat author
aMichailSalampasis author
aDennisF.Freeze author
aNadavEiron author
aErichR.Schneider author
aAnneRose author
aPaulGerwe author
aAliR.Hurson author
aTylerNeylon author
aB.JohnOommen author
aNorbertRitter author
aWaiManSzeto author
aDavidB.Lomet author
aEricViara author
aPhilippeRigaux author
aChristopheClaramunt author
aEnricoBlanzieri author
aBugraGedik author
aPetrVojtechovske author
aSaraJohansson author
aHelenaMitesove author
vInternationalJournalofGeographicalInformationSystems conf
aAloysW.J.Borgers author
aWeiLu author
aJingQin author
aJean-PierreCheiney author
aGeraldKiernan author
aMasajirouIwasaki author
aPeterScheuble author
aHeung-KyuLee author
aToruSumitomo author
aPeterWallis author
aPaulMcNamee author
aJamesP.Callan author
aSanjivBehl author
aBenyuZhang author
aJamesJ.Schauer author
aKekeChen author
aHuang-JenChen author
aJanChomicki author
aC.C.Gotlieb author
aDmitriV.Kalashnikov author
aWolfgangEffelsberg author
vICOD conf
aJukkaTeuhola author
aWen-ChiHou author
aPrithvirajDasgupta author
aLiGong author
aShetalShah author
aRobertoJ.BayardoJr. author
aFabioGiannetti author
aVladimirZbarsky author
aChueh-WeiChang author
aRichardNock author
aMauriceBruynooghe author
aBhavaniM.Thuraisingham author
aHengmingZou author
aJianhuaZhu author
aAidongZhang author
aGeorgeDiehr author
aJamesGeller author
aWeeSiongNg author
aFatihEmekei author
aJunehwaSong author
aGregoryA.Mack author
aTsunenoriMine author
aJoseLuisSierra author
aZairAbdelouahab author
aSpyrosRaptis author
aMaxZiegler author
aJoniceOliveira author
aRanjaniNarayan author
vARTDB conf
aKwei-JayLin author
aOmranA.Bukhres author
aRongZhang author
aSteffenStaab author
aOliverMoser author
aMartaGatius author
aFrankvanHarmelen author
aSethHolloway author
aGiuseppePozzi author
aUlrichSchiel author
vTFAIS conf
aC.Kung author
aG.BarbaraDemo author
aHans-DieterEhrich author
aR.Jones author
aMargaretH.Butler author
aD.Jagannathan author
aSpirosPapadimitriou author
aPanayiotisTsaparas author
vTKDD conf
aJonM.Kleinberg author
aHeikkiMannila author
aLarryKerschberg author
aR.P.Mount author
aHamidPirahesh author
aHenryTirri author
aLinYu author
aSupratimDeb author
aJinchuanChen author
aGavinoPaddeu author
aAndrewEisenberg author
aMichaelJ.Franklin author
aBharatKumar author
aBruceR.Howarth author
aPedroCelis author
aMarekSherman author
aSunshinAn author
aDongwonLee author
aKrishnaG.Kulkarni author
aSheung-lunHung author
vIEEEDatabaseEng.Bull. conf
aJoobinChoobineh author
aZahidulIslam author
aDavidC.Yen author
aRoyGeorge author
aH.Guo author
aFionaFui-HoonNah author
aGioWiederhold author
aAnandSwaroop author
aPeterDadam author
aTimoNiemi author
aTei-WeiKuo author
aAnandSivasubramaniam author
aManuelA.Serrano author
aIvanMarkovic author
aT.F.Verhoef author
aJohnMylopoulos author
aReneeJ.Miller author
aPhilippeBonnet author
aArvolaChan author
aAndreasReuter author
aCongYu author
aGeorgZerntlein author
aGerhardWeikum author
aTimosK.Sellis author
aDimitrisKapogiannis author
aBenWellner author
vIIWeb conf
aMarcusHerzog author
aRezaSherkat author
aDilysThomas author
aAmitKonar author
aAjayD.Kshemkalyani author
aMohamedG.Elfeky author
aWang-ChienLee author
aNickRoussopoulos author
aMarianneWinslett author
aFredJ.Maryanski author
aVeliHakkoymaz author
vIW-MMDBMS conf
aWarwickGraco author
aGuang-HoCha author
aTakeakiYoshida author
aWernerWiniwarter author
aSoichiroHidaka author
aGregorEibl author
aAlessandroFiori author
aZuzanaOplatkove author
aLeonidTineo author
aNicoleLam author
aStephenHarris author
aLiZhang author
aSeijiYamada author
aRey-LongLiu author
aChung-PingChung author
aZviBoger author
aGuisseppiA.Forgionne author
aDavidNicholas author
aPeterJ.Schlumpf author
aAndyMacFarlane author
aPaulN.Bennett author
aMarkD.Smucker author
aStephenTomlinson author
aAdenikeM.Lam-Adesina author
aFernandoLepez-Ostenero author
aRoceoGemezCrisestomo author
aPaulThompson author
aWilliamR.Hersh author
aHaizhouLi author
aJoonHoLee author
aMatthewB.Koll author
aMichaelFuller author
aDavidD.Lewis author
aStephenP.Harter author
aLucyKuntz author
aHowardD.White author
aNigelFord author
aPaoloLoiudice author
aHaruyukiOgawa author
aStephanieKucker author
aBrianT.Bartell author
aJagannathanSrinivasan author
aAlexandrosLabrinidis author
aWolfgangGlatthaar author
aGernotRichter author
aPaoloTiberio author
aHartmutEhrig author
aXiangsunZhang author
aThomasManoukian author
aTakashiYamamoto author
aJinHuang author
aJiZhu author
aY.V.R.Reddy author
aMarkBrodie author
aYixinChen author
vDS-7 conf
aClaudeTrepied author
aYannisPapakonstantinou author
aDoronRotem author
aDanielaGrigori author
aPeterMuth author
aGeorgeSamaras author
aShahanKhatchadourian author
aRichiNayak author
vAusDM conf
aSangeethaKutty author
aSriramMohan author
aStephenRobertson author
aCristinaFabaPerez author
aJ.A.W.Huggill author
aH.P.Hogeweg-deHaart author
aConstantineHalatsis author
aOlafZukunft author
aTaiebZnati author
aAngelikaKotzDittrich author
aMichaelH.Behlen author
vTemporalDatabases,Dagstuhl conf
aArieSegev author
aFatmaezcan author
aE.SallyLee author
aJeffreyGoh author
aYiChen author
aPriyaMandawat author
aGeorgeRussell author
aJiuyongLi author
aPeterFule author
aXueLi author
aVasileiosMegalooikonomou author
aJohnLeahy author
aWilfredNg author
aCoryJ.Butz author
aKanishkaBhaduri author
aJeffreyXuYu author
aHenriqueMadeira author
aBeatriceBouchou author
aMartaMattoso author
aKeithB.Frikken author
aRobLemmens author
aRalfSchenkel author
aMarceloMendoza author
aStephanSchosser author
aMartinNollau author
aKai-UweSattler author
aJunghooCho author
aShinjiOzawa author
aJorgeBernardino author
aWilliamWeiSong author
aSrinivasVadrevu author
aChristosH.Papadimitriou author
aParisC.Kanellakis author
vXP7.52WorkshoponDatabaseTheory conf
aChang-jieTang author
aCatrielBeeri author
aGabrielM.Kuper author
vConstraintDatabases conf
aStephaneGrumbach author
aKajalT.Claypool author
vObjectsandDatabases conf
aStanSclaroff author
aWalidG.Aref author
vWorkshoponDataAbstraction,DatabasesandConceptualModelling conf
aIraP.Goldstein author
aBenjaminC.Pierce author
vWebDB(SelectedPapers) conf
aDonaldD.Chamberlin author
aS.KaganAgun author
aSholomM.Weiss author
aTrystanUpstill author
aXavierSevillano author
aSamYuanSung author
aJean-ClaudeDerniame author
aRenateMotschnig-Pitrik author
aThomasJ.Richards author
aVijayalakshmiAtluri author
aAmitP.Sheth author
aChristopherA.Welty author
aRobertB.Allen author
aL.Leung author
aJoonS.Park author
vSACMAT conf
aJohnPotter author
aJamesB.D.Joshi author
aElisaBertino author
aGustafNeumann author
aVladoKeselj author
vWorkshoponWeb-basedSupportSystems conf
aPavelSerdyukov author
aJensHunstock author
aDonS.Batory author
aPeterMcBrien author
aMagdaHuisman author
aRolandWagner author
aHans-HermannLeinen author
aJanVahrenhold author
aGregoryE.Kersten author
aTefkoSaracevic author
aMinkooKim author
aYvesHemeryck author
aIrinaMarshakova-Shaikevich author
aJosephF.McCarthy author
aIlyasCicekli author
aMariaPoveda author
aAmirPourabdollah author
aPraveenLakkaraju author
aNielsOlofBouvin author
aAndersI.Merch author
aStefanoParisotto author
aJunHong author
aJenniferPreece author
aGillesFalquet author
aKarimaHadouda author
aMalikaSmael author
aMarie-ChristineFauvet author
vCDB conf
aPatrickGros author
aMaguelonneTeisseire author
aK.Mitze author
aTrudiBellardo author
aElmarhomyGhada author
aRobertW.P.Luk author
aSooYoungRieh author
aArjenP.deVries author
aMichaelF.Lynch author
aFrancisLevy author
aRobertFugmann author
aJohnK.Vries author
aFlorianPestoni author
aSung-HyukKim author
aJin-HoKim author
aDavidMorrey author
aSuadAlagic author
aPhilipA.Bernstein author
aPatHelland author
aMartinL.Kersten author
aA.TimothyManess author
aDeanS.Thompson author
aJamesJohnson author
aDanielL.Wang author
aPaulBarford author
aAnneHonkaranta author
aPeterTsui author
aDanielJ.Rosenkrantz author
aChristianEsculier author
aThomasRuwart author
aJonathanD.Bright author
aDaveLillethun author
aDarrellD.E.Long author
aJeffreyScottVitter author
aIlIm author
aBertramLudescher author
vLogicsforDatabasesandInformationSystems conf
aWolfgangMay author
aF.Labene author
aMalikSaheb author
aToniUrpe author
vDAISD conf
aGuidoMoerkotte author
aVarunKacholia author
aHectorGarcia-Molina author
aAshokJoshi author
aChristosDoulkeridis author
aDougDoole author
vDMSN conf
aYannisKotidis author
aChiaraRenso author
aMildredL.G.Shaw author
aM.Duze author
aJergenBeringer author
aAlexanderKrener author
aThorstenMeinl author
aMatthewJ.Rattigan author
aSioIongAo author
aChun-HaoChen author
aZhengLiu author
aQingZhang author
aYanJia author
aNicolaDiMauro author
aGregoryM.Shreve author
aJohnChmura author
aI.R.N.Goudar author
aLoisM.L.Delcambre author
aS.Muthukrishnan author
vFoundationsandTrendsinDatabases conf
aChristopheLecluse author
aMyongH.Kang author
aEduardH.Hovy author
aPaulJ.Hu author
aDavidStark author
aHanyH.Ammar author
aMouradOuzzani author
aValdianadaSilvaAraujo author
aKatyC.P.Magalhees author
aMartinBichler author
aAjitMahareddy author
aHenriBriand author
aJoseM.Troya author
vDDLP conf
aArdingHsu author
aJonathanP.Gilbert author
aPaoloBuono author
aIsabellaMerlo author
aFedericoBarbic author
aNathanFolkert author
aYuqingWu author
aRajivBagai author
aSejongOh author
aCarlE.Landwehr author
aWei-TekTsai author
aSan-YihHwang author
aFraneoiseSailhan author
aMasatakaFunayama author
aPanuKorpipee author
aSungwonKang author
vISDB conf
aYuriBreitbart author
vWDAS conf
aEnricoNardelli author
aTomM.vanEngers author
aM.Bernadet author
aPavelVogel author
aDiegoCalvanese author
aAndrewU.Frank author
aErikG.Hoel author
aSamLightstone author
aJeong-HyonHwang author
aFrancescaA.Lisi author
aNicolaLeone author
aZbigniewMichalewicz author
aMarkSchildhauer author
aMarkusJ.Kaiser author
aWenGao author
aDimitrisPlexousakis author
aWolfgangBenn author
aJergNoack author
aFabianGroffen author
aLiaGoldsteinGolendziner author
aSebastianMichel author
aMichaelWilson author
aMarkF.Watson author
aM.TaharKechadi author
aT.Abbod author
aIndrakshiRay author
aGeethaManjunath author
aJohnA.Miller author
vSWSWPC conf
aHaiboYu author
aXiaomengSu author
aMichaelC.Jaeger author
vMW4SOC conf
aDamienFournier author
aHakanHacigemes author
aFrankWm.Tompa author
aSusanCline author
aCharlesW.Bachman author
aElenaBaralis author
aAkiraKawaguchi author
aD.B.Robins author
aMing-yuehTsay author
aJahnaOtterbacher author
aAdelHafiane author
aKarenKukich author
aBibhutiBhusanSahoo author
aDavidDubin author
aSteveJones author
aMuraliRamanathan author
aHarrisDrucker author
aRogerShultz author
aArvindHulgeri author
aShen-TatGoh author
aDeniseDraper author
aHaoHe author
aLuqi author
aMohammedImranPadshah author
aFrankRoss author
aFrancescoMele author
aStefanKokkelink author
aMartinHee author
aCarlosMonroy author
aIonutEmilIacob author
aDavidSmith author
aMargretBranschofsky author
aJulioGonzalo author
aKerstinBischoff author
aMariamTariq author
aIanA.Macleod author
aAprilRasalaLehman author
aDavidMadigan author
vDataManagementinaConnectedWorld conf
aHerbertStoyan author
aLeviendeBraal author
aIsaacG.Councill author
aFanYe author
aKokouYetongnon author
aYiShang author
aNealGlew author
aAngelaMaduko author
aMohammadMannan author
aMarcoBrambilla author
aYogeshDeshpande author
aAmrishGupta author
aAndreaDeLucia author
aAthanasiosK.Tsakalidis author
aMarkT.Keane author
aGuoliangLi author
aChuanXiao author
aZakiMalik author
aRickL.Wilson author
aMareaAntoniaZapata author
aMinJin author
aRicardoChalmeta author
aS.SitharamaIyengar author
aYung-ChengShen author
aRobertI.Benjamin author
aMichaelSchrefl author
aPamelaJ.Ludford author
aIraGreenberg author
vTES conf
aStephanBerzsenyi author
aHieuLeKhac author
aBeiWang author
aMikaKlemettinen author
aBoon-LockYeo author
aKathleenMcKeown author
aM.Gordon author
aHiroshiMatoba author
aSusanArtandi author
aJaanaKekeleinen author
aHugoZaragoza author
aVijayV.Raghavan author
aNiallM.Adams author
vPatternDetectionandDiscovery conf
aPierre-YvesRolland author
aSigalSahar author
aRameshNatarajan author
aFernandoVelez author
aSusanDarlingUrban author
aDenisMaurel author
aLiboChen author
aZhanziQiu author
aVasiliosDarlagiannis author
aKlemensBehm author
aAdaWai-CheeFu author
aMichaelLawrence author
aSpyrosLigoudistianos author
aBernardPagurek author
aJohnC.Grundy author
aWilM.P.vanderAalst author
aWoong-KeeLoh author
aP.Doyle author
aAndrewDinn author
aCarsonKai-SangLeung author
aChin-ChuanHo author
aHakanFerhatosmanoglu author
aRameshJain author
aKulwadeeSomboonviwat author
aJanSedmidubske author
aJeremyRogers author
aZhangXiong author
aKazuoMachida author
aMatthewMichelson author
aDragomirYankov author
aChangshuiZhang author
aPeter-ArnoCoppen author
aLuizTucherman author
aAndreasWinter author
aPasqualeSavino author
aAndruidKerne author
aVeronicaLiesaputra author
aMin-YenKan author
aWilliamH.Walters author
aHenrySmall author
aM.J.Menou author
aSherryKoshman author
aShelaghK.Genuis author
aGregNichols author
aYorkSure author
aNievesR.Brisaboa author
aGermanoCaronni author
aSafakDogan author
aAntoninoMazzeo author
aKentaroToyama author
vLA-WEB conf
aFabrecioBenevenuto author
aFrankBiocca author
aJesesVegas author
vJBIDI conf
aFloraSanzCalama author
aAlbertoPedrero author
aAlejandroBia author
aMiguelFerreira author
aSyamGadde author
aLinePouchard author
aMonicaRogati author
aIustinDornescu author
aLuisAlfonsoUreeaLepez author
aRuthHafter author
aM.Sessa author
aAtsushiFujii author
aAkiraShimazu author
aChin-YewLin author
aTuBaoHo author
aDinhDien author
aAtsushiMatsumura author
aGaryGeunbaeLee author
aGittaSalomon author
aWeiXu author
aChitraRamachandran author
aSoumenChakrabarti author
aAlanFekete author
aElisabethKapsammer author
aM.A.M.S.Oliveira author
aRosannePrice author
aEung-JaeLee author
aWeehyukYu author
aPengfeiQian author
aBaoyanSong author
aGui-RongXue author
aBinLiu author
aMariosD.Dikaiakos author
aClaudeFrasson author
aJoseAntonioCamachoGuerrero author
aKarinWenz author
aJ.MichaelMoore author
aFrankM.ShipmanIII author
aRandolphG.Bias author
aJohnReuning author
aCherriM.Pancake author
aWilliamvonOfenheim author
aMichelangeloCeci author
aBongkiMoon author
aJinyanLi author
aKameshMunagala author
aRichardA.Golding author
aErichNewcomer author
aAbrahamSilberschatz author
aAlexLopez author
aMichaelBeigl author
aDicksonK.W.Chiu author
aDanielL.Moody author
aYin-LingCheung author
aCostasGeorgiadis author
aAndrewB.Whinston author
aVanaKalogeraki author
aFrancescoScarcello author
aPhilippeCharles author
aYehoshuaSagiv author
aVerenaKantere author
aDuLi author
aFranciscoelvarez author
aMercedesArgeelloCasteleiro author
aS.J.Overbeek author
aPeterP.Chen author
aDjamalBenslimane author
aIvarP.Groette author
aPeiquanJin author
aLucaDeSantis author
vWorkshoponDeductiveDatabases,JICSLP conf
aKennethA.Ross author
aGultekinezsoyoglu author
aPeiyaLiu author
vReal-TimeDatabaseSystems conf
vBNOD conf
aS.W.Ho author
aRogerG.Johnson author
aEvanE.Anderson author
aHarryK.T.Wong author
vXQueryImplementationParadigms conf
aMassimoFranceschet author
aTorstenGrust author
aOscarPastor author
aGeorgeDiakonikolaou author
aStefanoSpaccapietra author
vODBIS conf
aAhmedAlasoud author
aNematollaahShiri author
aMargaretGaitatzesKostoulas author
aMudhakarSrivatsa author
vTWEB conf
aSilviuCucerzan author
aGerhardKnorz author
aYoon-JoonLee author
aJong-HyeokLee author
aDavidGuo author
aKam-FaiWong author
aJungyunSeo author
aChiun-ChiehHsu author
aZhifangSui author
aMing-HungHsu author
aMassih-RezaAmini author
vCORIA conf
aLauraPerret author
aYanQu author
aJesesHerrera author
aJesesPeral author
aGunarFiedler author
aAmaliaTodirascu author
aKlaus-RedigerFellbaum author
aHenrikSchulz author
aHrushikeshaMohanty author
aArtyomShaposhnikov author
aPeterBecker author
aLeonardBarolli author
vIJBIDM conf
aMafruzZamanAshrafi author
aYaqinWang author
aJeongHoChang author
aSang-WookKim author
aRamRamesh author
aGiovanniPacifici author
aJinlinChen author
aBaoningWu author
aAndreaBondavalli author
aStephenJ.Hegner author
aToshihideIbaraki author
aMeikelPoess author
aDanielaFlorescu author
aBruceG.Lindsay author
aKazuyukiShimazu author
aGregHope author
aFatihCoskun author
aSunitaSarawagi author
aP.E.JonesJr. author
aSauDanLee author
aWaltTruszkowski author
aCyrusShahabi author
vWorkshoponWebInformationandDataManagement conf
aS.Seshadri author
aJeffZ.Pan author
aKlausTurowski author
vCoopIS/DOA/ODBASE(1) conf
aDirkGlaubitz author
aKevinS.Beyer author
aAna-ElisaSchmid author
aBernhardMitschang author
aAlbertoH.F.Laender author
aRodrigoMiranda author
aChew-HungChang author
aMartinS.Olivier author
aWei-kuangHuang author
aAnoopSinghal author
aJasonFurlong author
aRoyVillafane author
aLinLiu author
aDouglasPollok author
aNicolaGuarino author
aDamianosChatziantoniou author
aFranzJosefSchmid author
aKarolAbramowicz author
aPeterC.Lockemann author
aJimDiederich author
aChyuanShiunLin author
aGaelN.Buckley author
vUDM conf
aHuiLei author
aKing-IpLin author
aDeboraDonato author
aPaul-AlexandruChirita author
aAlbertoPoggiani author
aMariaMilosavljevic author
aAnastasiosTombros author
aMamadouTadiouKone author
aJoydeepGhosh author
aGaganAgrawal author
aChaitanyaChemudugunta author
aBobBaddeley author
aYuvalElovici author
aPaulMeyer author
aHyun-APark author
aSylviaL.Osborn author
aTovaMilo author
aVanjaJosifovski author
aKazuoSugihara author
vSymposiumonReliabilityinDistributedSoftwareandDatabaseSystems conf
aChing-ChaoLiu author
aKerolyCsalogeny author
aMartenLepezNores author
aMeifangLi author
aYahikoKambayashi author
aAnindyaDatta author
aRajeevRastogi author
aM.S.Kubicar author
aDavidW.Cheung author
aYuchangLu author
aHenningSchulzrinne author
aSriramRaghavan author
aEranToch author
aCareyL.Williamson author
aIsmailAri author
aYannisManolopoulos author
aClaudiaBauzerMedeiros author
aIckjaiLee author
aMarinosKavouras author
aRobertoMontanari author
aMariaCobb author
aMirkoPopovic author
aChristineL.Borgman author
aMikeTaylor author
aThomasNeumann author
aMinZheng author
aWenfeiFan author
aJeffreyD.Ullman author
aClaudioGutierrez author
aVivekR.Narasayya author
aGianluigiGreco author
aDomenicoSacce author
aSteveGoodison author
aMengYang author
aSergeGilen author
aDianMelatiMdIsmail author
aJarirK.Chaar author
aMatthewBouchard author
aJaneHunter author
vQL conf
aDanBrickley author
aStefanoParaboschi author
aJennyBronstein author
aJialunQin author
aMaartendeRijke author
aAlexanderG.Hauptmann author
aDavidBainbridge author
aJoshuaSinai author
aMichaelAscher author
aPhillipG.Bradford author
aDmitriRoussinov author
aWolfgangNejdl author
aIvanA.Basarab author
aOlegShigiltchoff author
aJingyuanZhang author
aKrisBubendorfer author
aJean-PierreSeifert author
aYecelSaygin author
aRobertM.Brooks author
aAlexeiLapouchnian author
aHevardD.Jergensen author
aChristineAedonidis author
aLeaKutvonen author
vEMOI-INTEROP conf
aStanislavPokraev author
aMicheleMissikoff author
aYeowWeiChoong author
aBingSun author
aLongbingCao author
vWImBI conf
aYulinQin author
aDavidA.Washburn author
aBinYan author
aChunnianLiu author
aMichaelPetit author
aMing-ChienShan author
aJosephAlbert author
aRongSun author
aFrankDignum author
aAmarnathGupta author
aRizosSakellariou author
aJoeChun-HungYuen author
aYuh-RongLeu author
aDanielaLuzi author
aOlgaStepenkove author
aYi-ChengTu author
aRobertDionne author
aSukhoLee author
aIliasP.Tatsiopoulos author
aL.Bozios author
aM.Seidt author
aJinHyunSon author
aJungkeePark author
aJorgeLoureiro author
aHolgerGenzel author
aAchimKraiss author
aNoureddineMouaddib author
aDidierDevaurs author
aJ.-M.Perez-Rosado author
aSihemAmer-Yahia author
aVenkateshGanti author
aKeh-WeiChen author
aDeaneMerrill author
aRobertC.GunkelJr. author
aJoyceColeman author
aEe-PengLim author
aRolfLakemper author
aAlexMitchell author
aJanRamon author
aToonCalders author
aDouglasR.McGregor author
aFabrizioAngiulli author
aHyuckYoo author
aMaurizioTucci author
aChih-YuehChou author
aShengMa author
aKyuhyungLee author
aJasonTsong-LiWang author
aVolkerTresp author
aChandrikaKamath author
aEricEilertson author
aRuchitaBhargava author
aChunLi author
aQiongLuo author
aRalfRantzau author
aMarkHansen author
aWayneNiblack author
aShaulMazor author
aJenghanHsieh author
aCsabaZ.Beres author
aMyriamArrue author
aGiovanniManzini author
aAlanL.Rector author
aKevinLe author
aMajaMatulovic author
aHamidaSeba author
aS.Moalla author
aRosanaS.G.Lanzelotte author
aKristenLeFevre author
aAshishGupta author
vLocalPatternDetection conf
aAndreasDudler author
aHorstLangenderfer author
aSharmaChakravarthy author
vRTDB conf
aNenadJukic author
aRomanGinis author
aXiaolinWang author
aEllenStokes author
aFernandoMolinaMolina author
aKathrinFleischmann author
aClaudioMuscogiuri author
aLuigiFusco author
aWen-HsiangLu author
aYujiMatsumoto author
aFidelisAssis author
vDatabaseSupportforDataMiningApplications conf
aMatthiasGimbel author
aArturBykowski author
aFotoN.Afrati author
aMatthewMiller author
aPeiSun author
aKeithMarsolo author
aPang-NingTan author
aMatthewJ.Dovey author
aUnmilKaradkar author
aEinatNeumann author
aJinyuanYou author
aAnjinPark author
aChun-XiaoXing author
aSiewTeckKiong author
aNicolaFerro author
aMarcoBertini author
aEduardoMena author
aPereObrador author
aSavithaSrinivasan author
aChristopherR.Palmer author
aJ.PatrickWilliams author
aLenaVeigaeSilva author
aLeahS.Larkey author
aBekkaDenning author
aJianfengGao author
aSasaBuvac author
aXiaoweiXu author
aStevenJ.M.Jones author
aCarolF.Justus author
aJoeoNunesSouza author
aAylaSayli author
aStephanZimmermann author
aJonghyunLee author
aZoranMajkic author
aKenjiKita author
vIRAL conf
aHailingJiang author
aAlessandroMoschitti author
aLutzGerhard author
aJuHumKwon author
aAgneBrilingaite author
aShobhitChandra author
aChristianWiesner author
aJamesCaverlee author
vInt.J.WebServiceRes. conf
aBu-SungLee author
aChyouhwaChen author
aStephenJ.H.Yang author
aMarcLohmann author
aKunalVerma author
aSandeepLingam author
aTomMelamed author
aKongfaHu author
aGaetanoSantucci author
aPenttiVenske author
aKelloggS.Booth author
aMichaelNovak author
aCarolineM.Eastman author
aRobertH.Warren author
aElizabethCasman author
aVascoFurtado author
aStanMatwin author
vMCD conf
aClaudiad'Amato author
aJamesAbello author
aVipulKashyap author
aSvetlozarNestorov author
aIngridUnterguggenberger author
aKarstenSchmidt0002 author
aYuriA.Grigorev author
aEliskaOchodkova author
aMiguelR.Penabad author
aDavidW.Patterson author
aT.deHeer author
aK.S.Losev author
aN.B.Abdallah author
aMichaelA.Shepherd author
aCarolLundquist author
aChristophSchwarz author
aJohnM.Heilprin author
aGiovanniRomano author
aJiajunBu author
aSimonSchenk author
aKatsumiNitta author
aArunKumar author
aGaryHill author
aMarcWichterich author
aEugeneJ.Shekita author
aJamesJ.Lu author
aArnonRosenthal author
aLanYi author
aAndrewMcCallum author
aLiLiao author
aValerieGuralnik author
aBaileShi author
aYiqiDai author
aZaihanYang author
aSimonHarper author
aDarrenLunn author
aDickC.A.Bulterman author
aJiulongShan author
aCatherineBerrut author
aAdolfoGuzmen-Arenas author
aReinhardRiedl author
aJintaoLi author
aMaleCastellanos author
aManolisMarakakis author
aJanL.G.Dietz author
vPARBASE/Databases conf
aIraB.Greenberg author
aCharlesSeverance author
aAlbertA.Rizzo author
aPaulLucas author
vICDEDemoSessions conf
aChiech-MingWu author
aKun-TaChuang author
aOscarBarros author
aArantzaIllarramendi author
aGeneTsudik author
aBalajiViswanathan author
aYahyaFathi author
aHuCao author
aK.C.Lee author
aCarlMattocks author
aEdinA.Muharemagic author
aBanchongHarangsri author
aChin-FengLee author
aSabinaBeraha author
aCarlosA.Heuser author
aDimitrisSacharidis author
aKevinChen-ChuanChang author
aD.Wildfogel author
aJamesE.Pearce author
aQiangYang author
aDariaSorokina author
aAlexanderTuzhilin author
aChristopheTollu author
aQinglanLi author
aJuliaCeliaM.Strauch author
aChristianBehm author
aChang-HungLee author
aYvesPigneur author
aNicolasPerry author
aJonEspenIngvaldsen author
aFleviaCoimbraDelicato author
aYaoWu author
aThomasRelleke author
aSaritKraus author
aH.T.Kung author
aAnthonyJ.G.Hey author
vPRISMAWorkshop conf
aCarelA.vandenBerg author
vIWDOM conf
aMarcShapiro author
aGianniMainetto author
aDilvandeAbreuMoreira author
aMarcoBotta author
aGyezeGidefalvi author
aVassiaPavlaki author
aStanleyB.Zdonik author
vSSPS conf
aHectorJ.Hernendez author
aJamesZ.Teng author
aWeiHong author
aElkeA.Rundensteiner author
aRupeshChoubey author
aTomasUkkonen author
aFilomenaFerrucci author
aC.Sancho author
aXiaoxiaLi author
aPascalBarbry author
aTakahiroHara author
aChristianKop author
aHelmutHoracek author
aPeriklisAndritsos author
aLiyingSui author
aKari-JoukoReihe author
aSaharonRosset author
aThomasJ.Weigert author
aPeterA.Tucker author
aMohamedF.Mokbel author
aMarcLevy author
aAnthonyStuart author
aInduShobhaN.Chengalur-Smith author
aHarpreetSingh author
aGraemeG.Shanks author
aKrithiRamamritham author
aStephenMilliner author
aFrancescoGuerra author
aGianlucaLax author
aSteffenJurk author
aT.V.VijayKumar author
aSamuelRios author
aWolfgangLehner author
aPaoloGiorgini author
aI.Alexandrov author
aJorgeB.Bocca author
aTingWang author
aLuoXin author
aBingSwen author
aGap-JooNa author
aSeokIlSong author
aSoowonLee author
aHuWu author
aPourangIrani author
aTomoyukiUchida author
aPengWu author
aChien-HsiangChen author
aGuangyanHuang author
aDellZhang author
aAnLiu author
aCeDong author
aKaoruKatayama author
aMarkosZaharioudakis author
aAlexanderAiken author
aMaryannE.Martone author
aJosePalazzoM.deOliveira author
aWinfriedLamersdorf author
aPrzemyslawGrzegorzewski author
aJanMendling author
aAdnanYazici author
aTatsuoTsuji author
aChabaneDjeraba author
aHenrikBostrem author
aMasashiSugiyama author
aHillolKargupta author
aYiXia author
aJunasAdhikary author
aBamshadMobasher author
aPaulDantzig author
aF.W.Lancaster author
aRichardL.Rapport author
aWenceslasFernandezdelaVega author
aBernhardThalheim author
aShaziaW.Sadiq author
aZhiningLiao author
aGangQian author
aMeimeiLi author
aHiroakiOhshima author
aZakiaFerdousi author
aPingLin author
aNishantKumar author
aNanLiu author
aXingXie author
aYizhouLu author
aYubinBao author
aKaiCheng author
aQiZhang author
aLeonardoAndradeRibeiro author
aTiagoM.Delboni author
aAryTeixeiradeOliveiraFilho author
aKathrinKirchner author
aCarlosEduardoR.deMello author
aRenatoFileto author
aWladimirS.Meyer author
aThomasKoschitzki author
aCleudiaT.Codeeo author
aJanoMoreiradeSouza author
aYuCao author
aJilianZhang author
aAgmaJ.M.Traina author
aKennethR.Wood author
aEvelynBalfe author
aTuomasTalvensaari author
vAND conf
aJessicaLin author
aKenjiYamanishi author
aTadashiNomoto author
aR.R.Downs author
aDavidR.Morehead author
aJoemonM.Jose author
aJingChen author
aFilliaMakedon author
aTimCornwell author
aReaganW.Moore author
aJoshuaCarroll author
aTonyFountain author
aMingXu author
aDanieleMiorandi author
aNorioShiratori author
aSusanBenjamin author
aG.BrianBurke author
aSiddharthKaza author
aShivnathBabu author
aRalfKramer author
aRaymondK.Wong author
aHaifengJiang author
aMartinStaudt author
aMathiasWeske author
aJacekLeszczylowski author
aWilliamKent author
aDayouZhou author
aMarcoA.Casanova author
aPauloF.Pires author
aAndrewTomkins author
aLiciaCapra author
aDanTrock author
aSungYoungJung author
aTeresaMah author
aGustavoAlonso author
aJoelE.Richardson author
aRongLiu author
aGuangmingXing author
aShanWang author
aPaoloPapotti author
aNorazlinYusop author
aPaula-LaviniaPatranjan author
aAbhinandanDas author
aYourimYoon author
aHuowangChen author
aHongfeiLin author
aHe-PingSong author
aHyuk-ChulKwon author
aJi-YeonKim author
aTetsuoKinoshita author
aShin'ichiSatoh author
aIraCohen author
aJussiMyllymaki author
aTrevorH.Jones author
aMattiRossi author
aJung-WhanLee author
aArnonSturm author
aVibhuO.Mittal author
aMonaMojdeh author
aDennisFetterly author
vDELOSWorkshop:DigitalLibraryArchitectures conf
aMichaelMlivoncic author
aGeorgeAnestis author
aThomasFuhrmann author
aFabioDeRosa author
aLucaPazzi author
aSwathiAnde author
aEnriqueAlfonseca author
aThomasGottron author
aJeliaGeth author
aHolgerMeuss author
aRonaldE.Rice author
aAndreasPaepcke author
vTheMeDocApproach conf
aDieterW.Fellner author
aReginaldFerber author
aAnnikaWern author
aKatherineJ.Don author
aRichardA.Medina author
aPanagiotisG.Ipeirotis author
aBrianK.Martin author
aezgerUlusoy author
aAlbertHeld author
aLauraM.Haas author
aAmyHeinrich author
vIDS conf
aRichardCooper author
vUIDIS conf
aChristianGetl author
aAlfredInselberg author
aGennadyL.Andrienko author
aClausEikemeier author
aYiannisMoumtzidis author
aPeterM.D.Gray author
aZhenboLu author
aLee-FengChien author
aAnthonyCorns author
aDevisBianchini author
vDIWeb conf
aWindsorW.Hsu author
aSatishThatte author
aMichaelJ.Carey author
aLucSegoufin author
aZhiguoGong author
aJi-HoonKang author
aChristophedeMaindreville author
aJianhuaFeng author
aPatriciaK.Lawlis author
aJamesC.Wetherbe author
aVijayVaradharajan author
aJoseMartinez author
aMichelMainguenaud author
aAnneBrossier-Wansek author
aGaleMartin author
aHui-IHsiao author
aJacopoArmani author
aTakeshiImamura author
aTevfikBultan author
aFengJing author
vCAiSEWorkshops conf
aFedericoBergenti author
aJohnZeleznikow author
aZoranStojanovic author
aLukaszItert author
aMadjidMeziane author
aJoseHilarioCanesCerde author
aStephaneBressan author
aJunIshizuka author
aK.D.Laxer author
aBirteChristensen-Dalsgaard author
aHanneAlbrechtsen author
aM.Siegler author
aStephenE.Robertson author
aRicardodeOliveiraAnido author
aCarolinaRuiz author
aYi-PingPhoebeChen author
vDEEC conf
aSang-KyunKim author
aToshinoriWatanabe author
aToshihikoYamasaki author
aPrabhakarRaghavan author
aChing-YungLin author
aGregoryB.Newby author
aMiguelA.Rueda-Morales author
aSakariHokkanen author
aJanO.Pedersen author
aPeterBollmann author
aGeorgBuscher author
aSaadiaMalik author
aZhishengLi author
aJoseM.Goei author
aMarvinBrenner author
aJarmoToivonen author
aShuangLiu author
aValentinJijkoun author
aLonnekevanderPlas author
aHugoMolina-Salgado author
aTriFirgantoro author
aNunoCardoso author
aJulioVillena author
aManuelCarlosDeaz-Galiano author
aVivianaFernendezMarcial author
aAoifeO'Gorman author
aJean-PierreChevallet author
aezcanezyurt author
aTian-yangLv author
aRayR.Larson author
aElisaNoguera author
aPierre-YvesBerger author
aHerveLeBorgne author
aericGaussier author
aRainerHammwehner author
aSylvieRanwez author
aHiroshiIshii author
aMoritzNeumeller author
aArjunSatish author
aClareJ.Hooper author
aDianeGreco author
aRichardChimera author
aMarkH.Chignell author
aGeorgeH.Collier author
aJessicaRubart author
aTimOren author
aLudovicDenoyer author
aAlexandrosKalousis author
aXiaoliZ.Fern author
aJia-YuPan author
aHenningRode author
aMarcoGori author
aAthenaVakali author
aBeiYu author
aJuzhenHe author
aPedroFurtado author
aChristianMancas author
aYiannisKompatsiaris author
vUMICS conf
aMoiraC.Norrie author
aAndreasHeuer author
aP.Dishlieva author
aMohammadA.Ketabchi author
aAndersAdlemo author
aAhmetBirand author
aKurtC.Wallnau author
aJoachimBiskup author
aMarvinSchaefer author
aIndrajitRay author
aJasonCrampton author
aMartinKuhlmann author
aXiaolanZhang author
aJaehongPark author
aChristopherD.Jones author
aShin'ichiWakabayashi author
aGuanghaoLi author
aUweSteinhausen author
aTakehiroFurudate author
aMichelSchneider author
aMikeA.Redford author
aJonGriffiths author
aL.Harbird author
aMikaelBerndtsson author
aNingZhang0002 author
aEricN.Hanson author
aSongWang author
aFen-LingLing author
aKennethSalem author
aKothuriVenkataRaviKanth author
aJergMeier author
aMyoung-HoKim author
aEsenA.Ozkarahan author
aIanRuthven author
aKonstantinosStamatakis author
aDelfinaMalandrino author
aHaifengLiu author
aMasatoshiYoshikawa author
aMiguelE.Ruiz author
aAntonioFerrendezRodreguez author
aP.W.Williams author
aDavidL.Yeung author
aDanielOlson author
aHugoB.Ramos author
aAlisonCrerar author
aStefanoLevialdi author
aHeinzJergenMeller author
aBryanW.Scotney author
aDamirBecarevic author
aTadeuszPankowski author
aSergePikalev author
aStephaneJean author
aTadeuszMorzy author
aPeterLyngbek author
aDaleSkeen author
aRichardE.Cobb author
aRobertKooi author
aRaymondA.Lorie author
aJ.G.Holland author
aRobertH.Thomas author
aSharonC.Salveter author
aEstherRyvkina author
aKristinTufte author
aHiroshiMotoda author
aJuzhenDong author
aPiotrSynak author
aLimingChen author
vMobilitetundInformationssysteme conf
aKarstenBaumgarten author
aGertBrettlecker author
aJohnW.S.Liu author
aPingWu author
aDeanJacobs author
aCraigFields author
aRobertM.Curtice author
aMinjiWu author
aJ.W.Guan author
aYuanguiLei author
aDanieleDiFederico author
aHanhHuuHoang author
aYulinYang author
aShirenYe author
aBrianLent author
aMatthiasSchubert author
aEvimariaTerzi author
aPavelBrazdil author
aHirofumiAmano author
aThomasTesch author
aTonyHolden author
aMartinWunderli author
aJaroslawDobosz author
aXiaojunYuan author
aEl-SayedAtlam author
aJohnT.Rigsby author
aAiriSalminen author
aLindaSchamber author
aFredR.Shapiro author
aKathyRosmond author
aGeorgeD'Elia author
aEmilyIgnacio author
aValeryI.Frants author
aPaolaCarrara author
aTayfunKucukyilmaz author
aBertJ.Dempsey author
aMargeryTibbetts author
aVirginiaKerr author
aF.Heymans author
aMasaoFuketa author
aJosePerezCarballo author
aBenjaminHan author
aJustinPicard author
aBernardJ.Jansen author
aVirgilDiodato author
aDavidEllis author
aVictorWachamA.Mbarika author
aChingningWang author
aSeanGaffney author
aCarolynR.Watters author
aMarie-AudeAufaure author
aLexWedemeijer author
aJ.Koch author
aPaulSpruit author
aHermannSteffen author
aCharlesElkan author
aFeniaZioga author
aBoYang author
aYifengZeng author
aZhexueHuang author
aJonathanGiddy author
aMauroMaier author
aCedricRaguenaud author
aThomasJ.Lee author
aPeterMork author
aSerenBalko author
aSangyongHwang author
aLuisE.Anido-Rifen author
aGeneCooperman author
aWei-ShinnKu author
aHo-JunChoi author
aEllenMunthe-Kaas author
aKojiMurakami author
aNikosMamoulis author
aLatanyaSweeney author
aT.A.Daggett author
aJaniceWarner author
aSudipChakraborty author
aMarkJ.Clement author
aJorgeLobo author
aJianTang author
aDragomirR.Radev author
aLi-YanYuan author
aB.PaulJenq author
aBenY.Zhao author
aEvanMamas author
aCarlosEscalante author
aMichaelW.Godfrey author
aWilliamJ.Dally author
aPerAhlgren author
aRobertRittman author
aKnutLeyland author
aAbeCrystal author
aAnHaiDoan author
aHimanshuSinha author
aSudeshnaSarkar author
aFrankK.Bamberger author
aSusanMalaika author
aVenkatesanT.Chakaravarthy author
aToddJ.Green author
aPrasannaGanesan author
aBrandonSalmon author
aPer-ekeLarson author
aPhilipMaechling author
aRobMcArthur author
aMichaelRys author
aMauriceA.W.Houtsma author
vNATOASIOODBS conf
aShengGuo author
aAnthonyB.O'Hare author
aPhilipL.Lehman author
aStefanPappe author
aXinDang author
aCarlottaDomeniconi author
aCharuC.Aggarwal author
aPierangelaSamarati author
aKeh-YihSu author
aAlfredoGoei author
aKimihitoIto author
aDanielJ.Mandell author
aTamesSarles author
aMichaelHicks author
aJasonI.Hong author
aDeborahG.Tatar author
aHiroyoshiOhara author
aGiuseppeAmato author
vXsym conf
aMayaRamanath author
aLuigiGranata author
aClaudioLucchese author
vFIMI conf
aFabienDeMarchi author
aEstherPacitti author
aSteliosPaparizos author
aManjaNelius author
aDanieleBraga author
aCostantinoGrana author
aAlfsT.Berztiss author
aMichaelChristoffel author
aAmolDeshpande author
aGaoJie author
aLijunChen author
aJingranDai author
aShuiYu author
aSorayaKouadriMostefaoui author
aFoscaGiannotti author
aEugenioCesario author
aClaudiaDiamantini author
aGiovanniSemeraro author
aDarioColazzo author
aStephenJ.Bensman author
aNazliGoharian author
aJergBolliger author
aMaryLarsgaard author
aRebeccaFreeland author
aYunyaoQu author
aBenjaminW.Wah author
aRainerGemulla author
aChrisNelson author
aMartinBreunig author
aManolisKoubarakis author
aUmeshwarDayal author
aJoonhoKwon author
aJens-PeterDittrich author
aChaitanyaMishra author
aLuisLeopoldoPerez author
aChungWu author
aJianchangXiao author
aJunbinGao author
aJingliLu author
aCarySweet author
aJingYang author
aPengpengZhao author
aElenaMontaees author
aMichaelM.Kaplan author
aHerbertS.Meltzer author
aCheeYongChan author
aCurtEllmann author
aNeoklisPolyzotis author
aElisabethMetais author
aS.Leifert author
aNancyH.Coguen author
aClaudeDelobel author
aMohand-SaidHacid author
aWojciechGebczyk author
aNikolaMitrovic author
aWillyPicard author
aAnishMathuria author
aGregorisTziallas author
aVilasWuwongse author
aT.F.Ang author
aYunyoungNam author
aLampangManmart author
aCamilDemetrescu author
aE.P.See author
aAgnesRo author
aIoannisApostolakis author
aJunhyungKim author
aGeorgeE.Taylor author
aYingweiLuo author
aFloridaEstrella author
aFushengWang author
aFabioPorto author
aJongilJeong author
aLarryPryor author
aDingZhou author
aChristopherStokoe author
aJohnQuackenbush author
aMatthewD.Nguyen author
aJohnReichart author
aRobertoMinio author
aRandallH.Trigg author
aNorbertA.Streitz author
aJianglingWan author
aPeterS.D'Oronzio author
aCarlTaylor author
aMarcNanard author
aP.R.Griffioen author
aWernerDubitzky author
aWilliamE.Grosso author
aRichardStumpf author
aG.MichaelYoungblood author
vWISE(1) conf
aKhalidBelhajjame author
vICSNW conf
aGianpaoloRacca author
aFlorianaEsposito author
aU.Rohini author
aYeogKim author
aPatriciaSeed author
aWeiguoFan author
aYih-ChenChang author
aSang-HongLee author
aNatasaMilic-Frayling author
aRobertJ.Gaizauskas author
aEugenioDiSciascio author
aE.A.Komissartschik author
aDovM.Gabbay author
aPieroA.Bonatti author
vSWDB-ODBIS conf
aYuanAn author
aP.Marot author
aNishantMehta author
aYunWang author
aXuanLiu author
aClaudioCalvelli author
aMingxiWu author
aPiewDatta author
aDerekA.Robinson author
aXindongWu author
aPeterSander author
aRonaldD.Bonnell author
aPerditaLehr-Richter author
vIS/KI conf
aBerndWalter author
aIhabF.Ilyas author
aBrianT.Tran author
aCarstenRiggelsen author
aTeddyTurmeaux author
aRuihuaSong author
aRyenWhite author
aS.Gabrovska author
aE.J.Yannakoudakis author
aJohnGray author
aDavidMichels author
aDeannaMorrowHall author
aTzong-ChenWu author
aPai-ChengChu author
aMichaelO.Akinde author
aDao-ILin author
aArthurM.Keller author
vJCDKB conf
aIqbalA.Goralwalla author
aGuidoGeerts author
aDaniloMontesi author
aXiangZhang author
aYasuhisaKato author
aGiovanniSoda author
vDatabaseMachinePerformance conf
aSilvioSalza author
aSinanNeftci author
aJussipekkaLeiwo author
aJunhuWang author
aCostantinoThanos author
aDorothyC.Porter author
aGordonB.Agnew author
aSarantosKapidakis author
aCarlLagoze author
aLefterisSidirourgos author
aGarthA.Gibson author
aNitinGupta0003 author
aPhillipB.Gibbons author
aMinWang author
aAnandDeshpande author
aMasahiroShimada author
aOktieHassanzadeh author
aJunSese author
aFelixI.Wyss author
aArnaudSahuguet author
aCyrilLabbe author
aElizabethJ.O'Neil author
aTieZhong author
aChristineTomlinson author
aKeishiTajima author
aClaudioSilvestri author
aMarvinS.Schwarz author
aSanghyunPark author
aJohnNorris author
aA.E.Lang author
aPieterW.Adriaans author
aJinboBi author
aGeneAlexander author
aCoryReina author
aYijianBai author
vCleanDB conf
aRandyH.Katz author
aPrasadDeshpande author
aUlrikeSchwinn author
aJensAlbrecht author
aZoeLacroix author
aChittaBaral author
aGlennR.Thompson author
aBernhardBraunmeller author
aJeannetteC.M.Janssen author
aMiguelContreras author
aYongdaiKim author
aMaheshShrestha author
aJ.Thorp author
aMelissaLemos author
aKaoruSugita author
aVitoCappellini author
aIanF.Alexander author
aGeraldQuirchmayr author
aZdenekZdrehal author
aHannaBauerdick author
aMichaelStender author
aA.Taleb-Bendiab author
aSoniaSanMarten author
aAndrzejDabkowski author
aLatifurKhan author
aHananSamet author
aTerenceM.Barron author
aVasilikiDemesticha author
aGeorgesGardarin author
aLingFeng author
aJinghuaGroppe author
aDavidBednerek author
aJiriDvorske author
aReinhardStumptner author
aZdenekKouba author
aDuncanDubugrasA.Ruiz author
aColleenCunningham author
aS.R.Vasanthakumar author
aJanPieper author
aRaphaelVolz author
aChu-HongHoi author
aWalterBinder author
aDaveReynolds author
aDanielOberle author
aEvgueniaAltareva author
aJunChen author
aCraigA.Knoblock author
aMichaelL.Brodie author
aSunilPrabhakar author
aChristianSoutou author
aMichelE.Adiba author
aNoriyoshiYoshida author
aHuanliangSun author
aO.Delgado author
vLogicinDatabases conf
aRobertA.Kowalski author
vFoundationsofKnowledgeBaseManagement(Xania) conf
aLuigiaCarlucciAiello author
aWolfgangBibel author
aPeterA.Boncz author
vEROW conf
aYingZhang author
aMichelTourn author
aAmeetKini author
aZhengChen author
aLeiZhang author
aRiichiroTake author
aMarioCreado author
aKhalidBenali author
aAfsanehHaddadi author
aFraneoisLlirbat author
aGeorgLerincze author
aNandlalL.Sarda author
aBrianLings author
aJensTeubner author
aArjanPellenkoft author
aDirkVanGucht author
aSubhashSuri author
aDivyakantAgrawal author
aRichardGregory author
aDylanGriffiths author
aMatthewNichols author
aMarkS.Fox author
aAmihaiMotro author
aHaranBoral author
aJohnF.Karpovich author
aJianXu author
aLionelBrunie author
aJianhuaLv author
aM.G.Moser author
aUlrichReimer author
aIsamuShioya author
aChengfeiLiu author
aAbrahamBookstein author
aCharlesCole author
aMuratKaramuftuoglu author
aAllysonCarlyle author
aH.S.Heaps author
aB.Hisinger author
aPierreGiroux author
aJeanTague author
aM.Chan author
aMihaiSurdeanu author
aDanielMarcu author
aTat-SengChua author
aManuelA.Perez-Quieones author
aBorisChidlovskii author
aJiyongMa author
aHongjunZhu author
aVijayRaghavan author
aShengTang author
aQiTian author
aWoojuKim author
aYongManRo author
aJingboZhu author
aXiaojunWu author
aYueZhao author
aIn-HoKang author
aZhengCui author
aMartaRey-Lepez author
aToreRisch author
aBogdanCautis author
aGillesZurfluh author
aArbeeL.P.Chen author
aHiranmayGhosh author
aKaizhongZhang author
aChiHoang author
aBruceS.N.Cheung author
aArturoRibagorda author
aAlessioBosca author
aRiccardoMinciardi author
aRiadMokadem author
aHiroyukiKondo author
aSouravS.Bhowmick author
aTeddyN.YapJr. author
aLeiZou author
aYanWang author
aTimFiez author
aChunKitChui author
aJohnFulcher author
aWeixiongZhang author
aPanosVassiliadis author
aM.Galibourg author
aHansWeigand author
aAngeloSusi author
aAnnieI.Anten author
aBarbaraPaech author
aMehulA.Shah author
aLeGruenwald author
aBirgitZimmermann author
aMichaelBenedikt author
aAravindRamachandran author
aJosephFong author
aChunfaYuan author
aChak-manNg author
aDmitriyFradkin author
aDinanGunawardena author
aBarbaraLeporini author
aBarrySmyth author
aChinatsuHorii author
aJamesM.McCrossin author
aFranceCordova author
aNormanJ.Pass author
aZarineKemp author
aNobutakaSuzuki author
aStuartMorton author
aDuk-HoChang author
aTakashiSuda author
aFlorianIrmert author
aSebastianBechle author
aSagarSunkle author
aRandiKarlsen author
aNacerBoudjlida author
aDanielaBerardi author
aAkinobuLee author
aDejingDou author
aGianfrancoBilardi author
aJesesS.Aguilar-Ruiz author
aCarmeMarten author
aVladimirYu.Sazonov author
aLizSonenberg author
aStefanSklorz author
aMarkusKradolfer author
aElizabethShoop author
aEvanKirshenbaum author
aDavidJensen author
aGautamShanbhag author
aSusanT.Dumais author
aMonikaSolanki author
aHan-joonKim author
aZhengxuanWang author
aMing-FengTsai author
aHui-MinYan author
aSung-HyonMyaeng author
aDaweiHu author
aXiaohuaJia author
aHongsoogKim author
aPramodChandraP.Bhatt author
aNathalieFarenc author
aAkifumiMakinouchi author
aYoung-HoPark author
aDieterGluche author
aA.Al-Khudair author
aTonyHey author
aJyotiJacob author
aMarioPiattini author
aZhongdingHuang author
aNaohiroHayashibara author
aKentLindquist author
aDemetriosZeinalipour-Yazti author
aXinFan author
aErnstForstner author
aRubensN.Melo author
aJacekPlodzien author
vJ.DataSemanticsIV conf
aEstebanZimenyi author
aLeahWong author
aHannuKangassalo author
aSirishChandrasekaran author
aRifatOzcan author
aStevenWhite author
aIreneNtoutsi author
aToshimiTagashira author
aPanosConstantopoulos author
aFlorianoZini author
vPIKM conf
aGarethJ.F.Jones author
aTimPohle author
aPilarRodreguez author
aPedrodeAlcentaradosSantosNeto author
aBerndJ.Kremer author
aArthurRamer author
aBirenPrasad author
aAlanW.Brown author
aAndrewSmith author
aFlavioRizzolo author
aMatthiasBrantner author
aDjamelEddineZegour author
aMaartenM.Fokkinga author
aSergioD.Servetto author
aVincentOlive author
aRunheHuang author
aWolfgangWilkes author
aChristineHofmeister author
aIreneGuessarian author
aKamalBhattacharya author
aBrahmanandaSapkota author
aYufengWang author
aAlexanderKreutz author
aMarshallD.Brain author
aSiu-LunAu author
aLizhenXu author
aAhmedRadwan author
aStefanKrompass author
aThomasHeinis author
aTolgaUrhan author
aMichaelHeding author
aTimAhern author
aKinjiOno author
aThomasM.Mann author
aStefanSchulz author
aSvenOberlender author
aAndreyGavrilov author
aRoelvanOs author
aRobinAly author
aJovanPehcevski author
aElhamAshoori author
aRobertKahn author
aPatrickJ.Stockreisser author
aDamianoDistante author
aJamesA.Storer author
aMarcoRuzzi author
aMarthaMendoza author
aNicuSebe author
aBoZhang author
aTakayoshiShoudai author
aChristineM.O'Keefe author
aBrettGray author
aHirokiArimura author
aMichaelWatzke author
aPavanK.Chowdary author
aLawrenceMcNamee author
aMauroSergioS.Cabral author
aHarvardHolmes author
aKenJ.Shumate author
aPeterTarczy-Hornoch author
aMarcosM.C.Costa author
aHeinrichHerre author
aFaizCurrim author
aJ.J.vanGriethuysen author
aVladimerMarek author
aKweonYangKim author
aWernerLeithner author
aYingLiu author
aDionHoe-LianGoh author
aKey-SunChoi author
aJohnM.Prager author
aUjjwalMaulik author
aYunChi author
aMartinHepp author
aJohnR.Anderson author
aZhengxinChen author
aXiongQiufen author
aCorradoLoglisci author
aMassimoRomeo author
aAndreasRibbrock author
aGerlindeWiest author
vDS-8 conf
aIlkerDurusoy author
aJoannePennock author
aXuanZhang author
aCorneliaHedeler author
aJamesSmith author
aRainerLay author
aClementT.Yu author
aZhiminGu author
aShian-ShyongTseng author
aJosepDomingo-Ferrer author
aFraneoisBancilhon author
vAdvancedDatabaseMachineArchitecture conf
vDDSS conf
aAndreiVoronkov author
aT.S.Jayram author
aJensLechtenberger author
aStefanoRizzi author
aMajaMatulovic-Broque author
aRobertMeller author
aToralfKirsten author
aGerhardRitter author
aJensMeller author
aRainerMelchert author
aJergenBittner author
aSergioMarti author
aAntonioBadia author
aChia-WeiHu author
aRajSharman author
aYutakaMiyake author
aCraigW.Schnepf author
aSuh-YinLee author
aAnneTchounikine author
aJianqingSheng author
aRaviKrishnamurthy author
aVineetSinha author
aMahadevanSubramanian author
aConstantineD.Spyropoulos author
vEWMF conf
aEdelGreevy author
aM.Crehange author
aS.L.Mantzaris author
aJeromeMcDonough author
aJoAnnOravec author
aRonaldRousseau author
aTimothyDiller author
aRobertA.Amsler author
aAkikoN.Aizawa author
aGil-ChangKim author
aYao-TsungLin author
aKazunoriSuzuki author
aPankajKankar author
aYiyuanXia author
aHasanM.Jamil author
aCesarA.Galindo-Legaria author
aMichelLeonard author
aGerhardKramler author
aRebecaSanJose author
aGregorisMentzas author
vConstraint-BasedMiningandInductiveDatabases conf
aRosaMeo author
aRenzoOrsini author
vDataTypesandPersistence(Appin),InformalProceedings conf
aYingDing author
aAliciaMartenezRebollar author
aChristianKoncilia author
aJanAidemark author
aJen-JouHung author
aStephanHeep author
aZohraBellahsene author
aDagmarKehn author
aIrmgardBettel-Dietsch author
aOmarU.Florez author
aBum-SooKim author
aIJsbrandJanAalbersberg author
aShinjiShimojo author
aSaneyasuYamaguchi author
aJoostVerhofstad author
aJasonChionh author
aIsabelF.Cruz author
aFrancescoFolino author
aJosepAguilar-Saborit author
aChristopherJ.Shaw author
aAlexandrosBiliris author
aGunterSchlageter author
aNikosA.Lorentzos author
aClaudeLePape author
aGadAriav author
aByounghoSong author
aEnzoColombo author
aFaroukToumani author
aGeranSedvall author
aShalomTsur author
aRossA.Overbeek author
aGiuseppeDeGiacomo author
aS.Timor author
aKurtA.Shoens author
aHongHaiDo author
aVolkerHemmelrath author
aSibelezer author
aHenrikStormer author
aJergenSellentin author
aYannisVassiliou author
aUlrikeGreiner author
aG.MichaelSchneider author
aMurlidharKoushik author
aApostolosN.Papadopoulos author
aP.GokulChander author
aDonaldCarney author
aTaitEliottLarson author
aLaurentAmsaleg author
aChristianvonderWeth author
aM.AbdulRehman author
aMartinFranz author
aShaopingMa author
aJingHuang author
aOktayIbrahimov author
aKlausRies author
aJoelD.Martin author
aKennethL.Melmon author
aGeriGay author
aGarrisonW.Cottrell author
aChrisBurges author
aJunhuiZhao author
aHuanLiu author
aAdityaBagchi author
aAristidesTriantafillakis author
aYoussefAmghar author
aFrankNeven author
aVincenzoLiberatore author
aDomenicoDiGiulio author
aCarloBatini author
aAnaMareaMoreno author
aCarlosRenatoLisboaFrances author
aIsolaAjiferuke author
aK.Choi author
aNedKumar author
aBrettFoster author
aHalBerghel author
aAnthonyS.Ruocco author
aCynthiaMathisBeath author
aEileenG.Abels author
aRichardBellaver author
aBobJ.Wielinga author
aGiampioBracchi author
vDatabasesforBusinessandOfficeApplications conf
aGabiZodik author
aMichaelA.Bauer author
aKostasKontogiannis author
aRamChillarege author
aJanK.Pachl author
aEttoreMerlo author
aOlgaBaysal author
aMayuramS.Krishnan author
aNikitaSynytskyy author
aStephenA.Brewster author
aGrahamW.Ewart author
aMichaelJ.Whitney author
aGuangR.Gao author
aChristopherKumarAnand author
aDianeKelly author
aAlbertoAccomazzi author
aAhmedAbbasi author
aDavidS.Edwin author
aJishengLiang author
aJochenHipp author
aTobiasSing author
aJeremyCarver author
aAntonioJesesPerez author
aKwangminChoi author
aHaoFan author
aMineshB.Amin author
aOpherEtzion author
aSebastianRodriguez author
aVeroniqueLattes author
aPeterL.Mott author
aRoqueMaren author
aStuartWatt author
aAnneFrenkel author
aManuelMontes-y-Gemez author
aPaulSwoboda author
aMohammedMinout author
aChristianGierlinger author
aClaudiaP.Ayala author
aMizuhoIwaihara author
aLuisOtevioAlvares author
aDouglasH.Fisher author
aStephenFiglewski author
aSchahramDustdar author
aAntonioAlbano author
aRichardC.H.Connor author
aYuriGurevich author
vCOMAD conf
aManojJain author
aSergueiKrivov author
aNigamShah author
aSusanB.Davidson author
aR.F.Deutscher author
aAndrzejCichocki author
aGordonT.Wilfong author
aLingMa author
aAlistairMoffat author
aJilianFan author
vHypermedia conf
vCISM-AdvancesinDatabaseSystems conf
aMaurizioTalamo author
aGiaToanNguyen author
aMichaelAnderson author
aGrzegorzRozenberg author
aYanivBernstein author
aRomanM.Kolpakov author
aGonzaloNavarro author
aIforWilliams author
aGrahamN.C.Kirby author
vPOS/PJW conf
aNathanielNystrom author
aSteinGrimstad author
aAllenOtis author
aKenTakeuchi author
aAntonioDiLeva author
aGuttormSindre author
aKevinConheeney author
aFilippoCacace author
aSilvanaCastano author
aCarloMeghini author
vConceptualModeling conf
aKeiWakabayashi author
aTakaoMiura author
aMauriceSzmurlo author
aEmmanuelNauer author
aSibaHaidar author
aPanKooKim author
aR.Manmatha author
aMartinBrisebois author
aEdlenoSilvadeMoura author
aHongboXu author
aYingfangLu author
aLynettaSacherek author
aGheorgheMuresan author
aRobertC.Groman author
aRanieriBaraglia author
aIanSoboroff author
aXiaoliHuang author
aJanPaetzold author
aJoseLuisMartenez-Fernendez author
aFernandoMartenezSantiago author
aJoseLuisAlonsoBerrocal author
aBen-AmiLipetz author
aHowardBesser author
aHoChungWu author
aHuaLu author
aPraveenSeshadri author
aIakovosMotakis author
vVIEWS conf
aCharlesHoch author
aM.Muraszkiewicz author
aManishMehta0002 author
aEdmundoTovar author
aMartineDeCock author
aMichiharuKudo author
aReinerKraft author
aJenniferWidom author
aChristineParent author
aEmilioBenfenati author
aEhudGudes author
aAndreasSchaad author
aPeterSteenkiste author
aXuhuiAo author
aKarstenSohr author
aMichaelHafner author
aFredericCuppens author
aLawrenceH.Cox author
aPengNing author
aSubhrajyotiBhar author
aJaapGordijn author
aBirgerAndersson author
aAnthonyI.Wasserman author
aArtemChebotko author
aAnaleaAmandi author
aPinarYolum author
aNarayananKrishnakumar author
aThomasK.W.Tsou author
aAdityaN.Saharia author
aNitaGoyal author
aChristopherM.Jermaine author
aJorgePerez author
aGrigorisAntoniou author
aLaurentSpery author
aJergenDellner author
aEnricoPuppo author
aTroelsAndreasen author
aAndreaNeufeld author
aSanjayKumarMadria author
aL.IreneCheng author
aPaoloMaresca author
aNaokazuYokoya author
aGrahamJefcoate author
aMasayukiSugizaki author
aTakeoKanade author
aElisabettaBruzzone author
vFODO conf
aAndreaCaloini author
aFrancoP.Preparata author
aWojciechZiarko author
aDeepakRavichandran author
aAnaLicuanan author
aMilindR.Naphade author
aDaqingHe author
aNitinJindal author
aMinh-TamLe author
aKennethWardChurch author
aArndChristianKenig author
aAsumanDogac author
aJergenEbert author
aLillianHella author
aMaristellaMatera author
aFraneoisBry author
vRuleML conf
aSeokwonYang author
aZhipingZeng author
aYusukeSuzuki author
aMichaelK.Ng author
aShuoBai author
aKonstantinosKleisouris author
aChristopherG.Chute author
aGentervonBeltzingsloewen author
aTakaoTsuda author
aGuyM.Lohman author
aChristopherW.Clifton author
aEricC.Jensen author
aAlexanderFraser author
aYiZhang author
aDavidR.Hanssen author
aChristosTryfonopoulos author
aBradAdelberg author
aJonasMellin author
aKam-yiuLam author
aAnaMariadeCarvalhoMoura author
aSandradeAmo author
aLilianHarada author
aTheoHerder author
aAntonioCorral author
vDS-4 conf
aJoseLuizFiadeiro author
aInjunChoi author
aYang-SeockSeo author
aMasanoriSugimoto author
aAnnaMariaColla author
aPeterVink author
aYezhouSun author
aDanielaWeinberg author
aAnthonyHunter author
aRimantasBenetis author
aDanielBarbare author
aZhanhuaiLi author
aDonglingChen author
aChisuWu author
aEricChu author
aApostolosP.Georgopoulos author
aGrahamJ.L.Kemp author
aYehudaLindell author
aJaroslawStepaniuk author
aDavidJ.Hand author
aHenryBrighton author
aMauricioA.Hernendez author
aThomasG.Marr author
aPaulJ.Sadowski author
aMargitLang author
aGabrielGhinita author
aReneJ.Veldwijk author
aChangjieTang author
aYanfengShu author
aMichalBatko author
aRiccardoMiotto author
aSanggilKang author
aDomenicoBeneventano author
vSWDB conf
aFlorentMasseglia author
aChrisOlston author
aQingboZhu author
aJiexingLi author
aJihwangYeo author
aOliverM.Duschka author
aSophieCluet author
aAlexTsukerman author
aSveinErikBratsberg author
aSuryanarayanaM.Sripada author
vKDOOD/TDOOD conf
aElthOgston author
aJean-ClaudeFranchitti author
vAdvancedDatabaseSystems conf
aFarshadHakimpour author
aCheeWeeChin author
aStevenC.H.Hoi author
aCarlosAmaral author
aJamesMayfield author
aR.E.Jones author
aJiaminYe author
aOisenBoydell author
aMariaLigiaB.Perkusich author
aJavamC.Machado author
aJoubertdeCastroLima author
aLeonardoRibeiro author
aMichaelDobrovnik author
aLucianoBaresi author
aYongwenWang author
aGeorgeZheng author
aAthmanBouguettaya author
aJidongChen author
aTadashiOhmori author
aLiangZhu author
aCaifengLai author
aShinYoungKwon author
aNorikoImafuji author
aXiangLiu author
aHong-MeiChenGarcia author
aUweHohenstein author
aBinJiang author
aMichaelGertz author
aElizabethG.Hetzler author
aJohanBollen author
aGregJanee author
aMarcoCristo author
aDonaldH.Kraft author
aAmardeepGrewal author
aBernhardSchueler author
aAdeleE.Howe author
aFrankyLam author
aBorisCarbonneill author
aD.Holas author
aJimSmith author
aMarie-NoelleTerrasse author
vER(Tutorials,Posters,Panels&IndustrialContributions) conf
aCraigMiskell author
aPaulP.Schrot author
aGeorgGrossmann author
aAmarRamdane-Cherif author
aJaneZhao author
aHelmutBerger author
aYanyanLing author
aJiangtaoHu author
aZsoltKovacs author
aDeyiLi author
aDanGeiger author
aZacharyG.Ives author
aJelberSayyad-Shirabad author
aCarlosJosePereiradeLucena author
aKennethC.Sevcik author
aBrianDunkel author
aWilliamG.O'Farrell author
aT.Kyte author
aVedranSabol author
aMasahiroMitsukawa author
aOliverWitvoet author
aNikolaosFrangiadakis author
aKeithRennolls author
aHengTaoShen author
aFarshadFotouhi author
aPeerKreger author
aDanielTeichroew author
aCarsonC.Woo author
aAntonLeuski author
aTanujaBompada author
aGlebSkobeltsyn author
aHangCui author
aSau-LanLee author
aJiePeng author
aGideonS.Mann author
aDianeNester author
aByung-WonOn author
aIrfanA.Essa author
aBiChen author
aDimitrisMeretakis author
aTsauYoungLin author
aSabrinaDeCapitanidiVimercati author
aJamesP.O'Connor author
aFelixSaltor author
aDaveCracknell author
aTakahikoShintani author
aArnaudRagel author
aGiorgioCorani author
aSaoriKawasaki author
aMyraSpiliopoulou author
aJergKeller author
aChristofMonz author
aMattiVarjokallio author
aEunjuKim author
aKareemDarwish author
aRattasitSukhahuta author
aHsin-MinWang author
aJongC.Park author
aHelenAshman author
aWilliamO.Beeman author
aWilliamCole author
aHajimeTakano author
aGaryPerlman author
aPeterBailey author
aSoyeonPark author
aPeterScheuermann author
aAlexeyPryakhin author
aRobinC.G.Seow author
aOleksandrDrutskyy author
aChien-ILee author
aSurojitChatterjee author
aByronDom author
aRichardI.Baum author
aDomenicoFerrari author
vSIGFIDETWorkshop conf
aA.LewisBastian author
aPaulA.D.deMaine author
aValdisBerzins author
aRonSacks-Davis author
aWarrenR.Greiff author
aGregoryMarton author
aIshfaqAhmad author
aHo-fungLeung author
aBhuvanBamba author
aHaixunWang author
aEeroHyvenen author
aHaruoKimoto author
aLeeA.Appelbaum author
aNitinIndurkhya author
aLoecMaisonnasse author
aPatriziaPaggio author
aI.A.MacLeod author
aPalomaMartenez author
aJergTiedemann author
aStefanReger author
aTakehitoUtsuro author
aEakalakSuthampan author
aXuanjingHuang author
aHidekiSumiyoshi author
aPaoloRosso author
aLongQiu author
aMavisMolto author
aAlexanderB.Romanovsky author
aKonradZirm author
aQiYu author
aUweZdun author
aMicheleColajanni author
aBrunoPessas author
aJ.BenSchafer author
aBrunoM.Fonseca author
aMareaRosaGalli author
aAndreaMaurino author
aRolandPieringer author
aSouvikDas author
aYasushiOgawa author
aPrateekJain author
aRolandRitsch author
aWolfgangMahnke author
aTetsuyaFurukawa author
aRichardG.Guy author
vWorkshopontheManagementofReplicatedData conf
aK.Kant author
aFrancisJ.Prusker author
aSvenApel author
aQimingChen author
aJean-ChristopheNicolas author
aChengwenLiu author
aM.HosseinSheikhAttar author
aDarioMaggiorini author
aJichengFu author
aTadaakiMiyake author
aWillemJonker author
aIsidroRamos author
aJanisA.BubenkoJr. author
aNicolasRoper author
aElisabethMurisasco author
aYigalArens author
aAlbertJones author
aAnjliChaudhry author
aPeterGordon author
aWilliamC.Cheng author
aHanaSevcekove author
aAllanFriedman author
aMillicentEidson author
aValerieGregg author
aGamalFahmy author
aSmarandaMuresan author
aDavidWatson author
aVyjayantiSharma author
aBruceZuckerman author
aSusanMolloyHubbard author
aCliffordA.Lynch author
aRalphBusse author
vEast/WestDatabaseWorkshop conf
aBramPellens author
aSamiraSi-SaidCherfi author
aWenyueDu author
aNaohiroIshii author
aMunindarP.Singh author
aYongYu author
aJuan-ZiLi author
aKrishnaBharat author
aMauricioMaren author
aMarkLevene author
aH.Haddouti author
aOskariHeinonen author
vPODDP conf
aRandallDahlberg author
aMonicaM.C.Schraefel author
aTaisukeHori author
aYong-YeolAhn author
aRachnaDhamija author
aFedericaMandreoli author
aTamesD.Gedeon author
aHongLiu author
aJamiJ.Shah author
aYuvalShahar author
aYutakaMatsuo author
aYoshimiSuzuki author
aSandorDaranyi author
aWeizhengGao author
aTimFinin author
aSimonJ.Cox author
aUlrichGentzer author
vDL conf
aJohnJockley author
aKirstenSummers author
aTomRowan author
aKevinJeffay author
aW.G.Waller author
aA.NeilYerkey author
aJulianWarner author
aKevinC.Desouza author
aBryanPardo author
aJohnTait author
aVaishaliHegde author
aYasuhiroInazumi author
aKing-LupLiu author
aChing-ChiHsu author
aMing-LiHsu author
aChenzhouYe author
aChristophF.Eick author
aGuyW.Mineau author
aGanapathyKrishnamoorthy author
aScottWhite author
aMarkJ.Embrechts author
aBjornarLarsen author
aBrianLivezey author
aDeepakK.Agarwal author
aChi-HoonLee author
aLubosPopelensky author
aWandaPindlowa author
aAidaSlavic author
aNilsPharo author
aCarolynJ.Crouch author
aBryceAllen author
aHaniAbu-Salem author
aIreneS.Y.Kwan author
aFalkHuettmann author
aAthanasios-DimitriosSotirious author
aTranKhanhDang author
aSiegervanDenneheuvel author
aDanielaRus author
aShengliangXu author
aPeterG.Anick author
aLobnaHlaoua author
aNamHunPark author
aMartinWindisch author
aMarcinGorawski author
aJohannesGordesch author
aDavidH.Marwick author
aDmitriyMeyerzon author
aMichaelBruce author
aDylanKeon author
aTamaraSumner author
aSandyPayette author
aSusanK.Heckethorn author
aHerbertVandeWarner author
aVikasDeora author
aThanh-TrungVan author
aTie-YanLiu author
aDunjaMladenic author
aGeorgiosSigletos author
aNikolaiChilov author
aRajendraK.Raj author
aVincenzoRusso author
vGlobe conf
aGeorgesDaCosta author
vRIDE-NDS conf
aSenaNural author
aJiaLiangHan author
aXiangFu author
aJosephDavis author
aLionelM.Ni author
aCarmemS.Hara author
aKaushikDutta author
aDanielF.Lieuwen author
aHoangDoThanhTung author
aR.Kul author
aManLungYiu author
aThemisPanayiotopoulos author
aHiroshiIshikawa author
aAlejandroA.Vaisman author
aAndreasBauer0004 author
aOmarBoussaid author
aSergeiO.Kuznetsov author
aYuh-JyhHu author
aSandeepMane author
aSamahJamalFodeh author
aCostinBarbu author
aPabloCastells author
aStefanoMizzaro author
vMobileHCIWorkshoponMobileandUbiquitousInformationAccess conf
aNoelMurphy author
aJergDiederich author
aVlassisKrikos author
aHyeongSeonYoo author
aYoungLokLee author
aZouGang author
aYalongDong author
aLiJiang author
aYounesHafri author
aQinDing author
aSongtaoGuo author
aKoenVanhoof author
aJanNunnink author
aL.Suardi author
aGertiKappel author
aNabilKamel author
vInternationalHongKongComputerSocietyDatabaseWorkshop conf
aLi-GuoWang author
aFernandoMachuca author
aNicoleBidoit author
aShuichengYan author
aFraneoisParadis author
aYosiMass author
aNicoleJ.J.P.Koenderink author
aD.Ferrazzi author
aElderBomfim author
aHongliXu author
aChristosVasilakis author
aNickCercone author
aXiaotongLin author
aRiccoRakotomalala author
aPing-JerYeh author
aNevinM.Darwish author
aRobertJ.Hilderman author
aZdzislawPawlak author
aToshiyukiShimizu author
aA.Casanova author
aShuichiNishioka author
aRiccardoMartoglia author
aEmanueleDiBuccio author
aRoyGelbard author
aJan-DirkBecker author
aGeoffreyI.Webb author
aM.MahdiShafiei author
aSarunasGirdzijauskas author
aTakahiroKosaka author
aErwinSchaumlechner author
aRayPaton author
aPavelMakagonov author
aJosefSchiefer author
aAndrewRau-Chaplin author
aRachidHamadi author
aPatrickHeymans author
aYvesKeraron author
aT.S.Narayanan author
aZhiweiWang author
aYunZhou author
aMoustafaGhanem author
aXinDong author
aAlessandroCampi author
aAnwitamanDatta author
aRaghunathOthayothNambiar author
aXiaofangZhou author
aRobertLaurini author
aPeterHaase author
aT.B.Rajashekar author
aFuLeeWang author
aSungH.Kim author
aPeeterKool author
aJamesOdell author
aShahramGhandeharizadeh author
aShiminChen author
aSushilAcharya author
aP.SreenivasaKumar author
aMartinFreeman author
aPeterH.Smit author
aJocelyneNanard author
aMehmedM.Kantardzic author
aWassimAyadi author
vCIR conf
aJacquesChauche author
aB.Flores author
aArnaudGiacometti author
aTamesHorveth author
aThomasGenther author
aSergioGreco author
aChih-YingWang author
aPhilipCannata author
aKuiW.Mok author
aEdwardP.Felt author
aDavidA.Bell author
aPeterMarshall author
aNeilA.M.Maiden author
aW.A.Gray author
aHuiYu author
aThemistoklisPalpanas author
aThomasR.Gulledge author
aPhilipW.Trinder author
aChristianRich author
aPatriziaAsirelli author
aCharlieWard author
aHadassaJakobovits author
aEstrellaPulido author
aChaitanyaK.Baru author
aFarokhB.Bastani author
aJamesHenderson author
aLilyDeaz-Kommonen author
aNingHu author
aY.C.Fang author
aKatherineW.McCain author
aPaulTravisNicholls author
aAnneHamilton author
aDennisCarrigan author
aY.Y.Yao author
aDikanXing author
aNitinAgarwal author
aTatianaA.S.Coelho author
aChristianMathis author
aSwarupAcharya author
aBerndStrodthoff author
aKjellHaugset author
aCarlesFarre author
aPeterThanisch author
aJoelH.Saltz author
aJoseAntenioFernandesdeMacedo author
aMauricioOnoda author
aAdrianoVeloso author
aAnaCarolinaSalgado author
aHeikoSchuldt author
aG.Sharman author
aPatricioMois author
aA.O.Omololu author
aMagdaAbou-Seada author
aThomasRedman author
aMichaelDewsnip author
aSeamusRoss author
aGuilhermePlonski author
aRachelHeery author
aBirgitStehno author
aRodolfoF.Resende author
aKoenHendrikx author
aCraigSwietlik author
aToshiharuHasegawa author
aCarloCurino author
aLenkaIvantysynova author
aMichaelSuckow author
aGuopingWang author
aZahirTari author
aWilliGotthard author
aJosephK.P.Kuan author
aMehmetAltinel author
aEsko-JuhaniMalm author
aAnandRanganathan author
aJinshanLiu author
aAthanassiosBoulis author
aArjanJ.H.Peddemors author
aSeamusLyons author
aThangTo author
aWeiLiu author
aIgnacioAedo author
aPaulHorng-JyhWu author
aNorbertFuhr author
aAnne-MarieVercoustre author
aGregoryBuehrer author
aBinGao author
aHaidongCao author
aMyo-MyoNaing author
vICWS-Europe conf
aNektariosGioldasis author
aJoshuaZhexueHuang author
aXinGuo author
aJan-MingHo author
aBhedBahadurBista author
aMartynFletcher author
aPeterHolleczek author
aVassiliosChrissikopoulos author
aW.Heller author
aBerndWegner author
aPrebenHansen author
aMercioNunes author
aGertSchmeltzPedersen author
aKevynCollins-Thompson author
aSook-KyoungCho author
aAronCulotta author
aHorstSpandl author
aA.DesaiNarasimhalu author
aPierreParadinas author
aZhuoanJiao author
aKonstantinosTsakalidis author
aJ.EliotB.Moss author
aJunhuiLuo author
aDianeL.Davison author
aAlainColmerauer author
aAlexKostovetsky author
aCatherineHamon author
aLanceE.Besaw author
aHongweiZhang author
aChunyiShi author
aYahyaSlimani author
aKyungsookHan author
aRobertL.Grossman author
aOlivierAdam author
aKojiTsuda author
aLeahHouser author
aChunjuTseng author
aJohnV.Carlis author
aDavidS.Reiner author
aZenonW.Pylyshyn author
aStefanManegold author
aRamaswamyHariharan author
aLucaPaolino author
aC.W.Moore author
aLutzMichaelWegner author
aSumiyasuYamamoto author
aD.A.Thomas author
vMMDB conf
aLiang-TienChia author
aArthurH.M.terHofstede author
aThomasBehrens author
aJianYang author
aBrahimMedjahed author
aMinhongWang author
aClarenceA.Ellis author
aVassilisChristophides author
aChengyuSun author
aMarcelKaram author
aManolisTerrovitis author
aIsamuKobayashi author
aDennisFogg author
aJayantSharma author
aDavidA.Hutchinson author
aCiranoIochpe author
aJoeldaSilva author
aKarinedeGeesLouly author
aRobsondoNascimentoFidalgo author
aRodrigoP.D.Ferraz author
aGilbertoRibeirodeQueiroz author
aOlgaReginaFradicodeOliveira author
aMariaLuizaMachadoCampos author
aYun-WuHuang author
aMeghanaDeodhar author
aYi-JenSu author
aJamesF.Baldwin author
aJavier-AlfonsoEspinosa-Oviedo author
aStevenP.Callahan author
aJorgeBuenabadChevez author
aAntonyI.T.Rowstron author
aNabilR.Adam author
aP.BruceBerra author
aChavdarBotev author
aGiovannaVantini author
aAlessandroArtale author
aPaoloBaronti author
aPavelZezula author
aAmrutaJoshi author
aRamakrishnanSrikant author
aDanVodislav author
aChristianW.Genther author
aJergDesel author
aJergNitzsche author
aNielsLohmann author
aSu-YunKo author
aJuanRaposo author
aJosephD.Yates author
aLizhuZhou author
aSieunLee author
aHaoDing author
aTuyet-TramDang-Ngoc author
aStevenA.Demurjian author
aJamesBretMichael author
aYingHu author
aKarenL.Ruoff author
aWilliamO'Connell author
aKirbyZhang author
aEmilioInsfren author
aLiZhanhuai author
aSabineRabaseda author
aM.Tamir author
aM.S.Ali author
aJohnHale author
aCalistoZuzarte author
aWilliamG.Daly author
aMikhailaBurgess author
aMelissaTzourakis author
aA.BlantonGodfrey author
aMaryKayCyrus author
aTaoZhang author
aDavidBotzer author
aManuelelvarez author
aTakeshiTokuyama author
aRimonBarr author
aUllasChadaga author
aMybridSpalding author
aArminZimmermann author
aWimMartens author
aEljasSoisalon-Soininen author
aGeorgiaKoutrika author
aPeterMilne author
aHoJinWoo author
aHongJiangZhang author
aSusumuEndo author
aStjepanRajko author
aAlirezaKashian author
aQingWang author
aMinjieZhang author
aYangYuan author
aDeyunZhang author
aYapingLin author
aYuxiaLei author
aMitchellBeard author
aDavidHart author
aParryHusbands author
aDeborahDowns author
aJung-HwanOh author
aB.R.Badrinath author
aJinzeLiu author
vFutureDatabases conf
aJungukL.Kim author
aWonminSong author
aKunitoshiTsuruoka author
aJin-ohChoi author
aMichaelHatzopoulos author
aAleksanderBinemann-Zdanowicz author
aAlessandroScateni author
aKojiMinegishi author
aJulioAbascal author
aPascalNegros author
aJordiConesa author
aPhilippeGabrini author
aChristineD.Piatko author
aJohnR.Bourne author
aOlivierToubia author
aJauvaneC.deOliveira author
aBeboWhite author
aG.Cilione author
aMiraBalaban author
aAnjanaGosain author
aevaKehn author
aSenaNuralArpinar author
aLucBernard author
aKunHuang author
aShivakumarVaithyanathan author
aFritzKastner author
aNagaK.Govindaraju author
aDanieleTuri author
aTomBruns author
aMortonM.Astrahan author
vIBMSymposium:DataBaseSystems conf
aHorstRemus author
aD.T.Lee author
aJosephA.Wald author
aMieNakatani author
aLeiJiang author
aBerndMathiske author
aSeydaErtekin author
aKevinP.Jones author
aCarmelDomshlak author
aAmjadM.Daoud author
aMarkHedges author
aDanSmith author
aTakenobuTokunaga author
aPeterIngwersen author
aAdelheitStein author
aPeterOhlhausen author
aReginaMotz author
aMareaDoloresLozano author
aLuisOlsina author
aStefanoRusso author
aGiacintoPaoloSaggese author
aKiyoshiAgusa author
aCarinaIhlstrem author
aGeorgeGkotsis author
aEvangelosSakkopoulos author
aMarkManasse author
aEstebanMeneses author
aJeenBroekstra author
aShanshanWu author
aNaAn author
aKoustuvDasgupta author
aJamesA.Hendler author
aPaoloMerialdo author
aJergenAngele author
aBruceI.Blum author
aSmritiR.Ramakrishnan author
aAlbertoPortilla author
aKrishnaramKenthapadi author
aFlorianKrebs author
aAsuncienGemez-Perez author
aHaiyunHe author
aMattiJakobsson author
aSalvatoreOrlando author
aDaweiSong author
aDavidW.Weisgerber author
aD.N.Zeitler author
aLuoSi author
aTayzeMackenzie author
aGildasMenier author
aMercioL.A.Vidal author
aVasileiosK.Pothos author
aSongdeMa author
aAndrewW.Moore author
aAkeboYamakami author
aSuzanneW.Dietrich author
aMohamedS.Kamel author
aChristianBaumgartner author
aWataruSunayama author
aJiangangZhang author
aPeterBaumann author
aI-JenChiang author
aRoyE.Marsten author
aJyh-hawYeh author
aAminY.Noaman author
aTianchengZhang author
aKeiYuasa author
aGiuseppeM.Mazzeo author
aCristian-AugustinSaita author
aXavierSchaefer author
aEricSimon author
vASISSIG/CRClassificationResearchWorkshop conf
aJonathanFurner author
aJ.Potjer author
aT.W.C.Huibers author
aMichelineBeaulieu author
aJagoM.Boardman author
aMichelBeigbeder author
aThierryDelbecque author
aGuillaumeCleuziou author
aAkiraIshino author
aChristineE.Heitsch author
aTzvikaHartman author
aJormaTarhio author
aJamesHarland author
aDonaldF.Ferguson author
aBlakeDworaczyk author
aFilbertMinj author
aFlorianMatthes author
aPeterHartel author
aJeanHenrard author
aRachidSouah author
aJ.L.HanOei author
vMethodsandAssociatedToolsfortheInformationSystemsLifeCycle conf
aN.G.Martin author
aEugeneWong author
aLauraTarantino author
aPeterJ.Barclay author
aKennethJ.Mitchell author
aShin-LingHu author
aFrancescoBonchi author
aLucDeRaedt author
aMartinScholz author
aRicardGavalde author
aArindamBanerjee author
aAnanthGrama author
aPrashantCherukuri author
aEdmundMing-KitLai author
aM.SulaimanKhan author
aIsaoKojima author
aL.S.Lian author
aMohamedE.El-Sharkawi author
aAndreaPugliese author
aYamineAetAmeur author
aMikolajMorzy author
aKazutoshiSumiya author
aCarlE.Kurt author
aWendyA.Schafer author
aDonnaPeuquet author
aAgnesVoisard author
aChang-TienLu author
aWilliamJ.McKenna author
vMMGPS conf
aFransVanAssche author
aPaoloTrunfio author
aRossD.King author
aGeorgesHebrail author
aYang-SaeMoon author
aDavidLowe author
aJergenFuchs author
aPaulaGouveia author
aPing-YuHsu author
aT.Gerbes author
aQuanXia author
aMarcoVieira author
aKerttuPollari-Malmi author
aSameepMehta author
aJunZhang author
aNatalyaFridmanNoy author
aVenuGovindaraju author
aRonnyLempel author
aKrzysztofCzuba author
aHae-ChangRim author
aJamesG.Shanahan author
aMohandBoughanem author
aDieterLedel author
vInformationSystemsDesignMethodologies:ImprovingthePractice conf
aRandellS.Flint author
aAshleyT.McNeile author
aIanG.MacDonald author
vComputerizedAssistanceDuringtheInformationSystemsLifeCycle conf
aAleksandrVoskoboynik author
aStefanoPavani author
aPeterPeinl author
aKerstinVoigt author
aSemaMancuhan author
aLiseGetoor author
aJaideepSrivastava author
aNingZhong author
aDavidTaniar author
aWenxinLiang author
aRobsonBragaAraejo author
aGadM.Landau author
aShubhaU.Nabar author
aDavidDeRoure author
aRobertChavez author
aThierryUrruty author
aMarkL.McAuliffe author
aJoeoEduardoFerreira author
aFrantzVichot author
aMarkCuminskey author
aAnneDiekema author
aJulioVillena-Romen author
aReetaKuuskoski author
aW.BruceCroft author
aYunhuaHu author
aYongjianFu author
aArunIyengar author
aBeatWethrich author
aLeonidLibkin author
aMartinSteeg author
aGeertPoels author
aMauroNegri author
aPatriciaG.Selinger author
aTaoCheng author
aRodrigoSalvadorMonteiro author
aMansoorZolghadriJahromi author
aAndrewK.C.Wong author
aBrianBecker author
aMaciejMatysiak author
aLetiziaTanca author
aM.Borsalino author
aMilindJoshi author
aQingguangCui author
aNikosI.Karacapilidis author
aPerHolager author
aFranzHaberhauer author
aMartinWimmer author
aBrajendraPanda author
aXiaoyongDu author
aLijieWen author
aDimitrisChristodoulakis author
aAliaI.Abdelmoty author
aGiovanniQuattrone author
aIoannisP.Vlahavas author
aHoutanShirani-Mehr author
aJaeSooYoo author
aErikJohannesKaae author
aRamanAdaikkalavan author
aRobertMeersman author
aHidenaoAbe author
aDanPelleg author
aJin-yiCai author
aAndrewE.Wade author
aJoachimReinert author
aHans-JergSchek author
aEleannaKafeza author
aRajivJain author
aHaiboHu author
aDamienK.Fisher author
aBurkhardFreitag author
aCarlosBuilAranda author
aDanielSchwabe author
aMazinRahim author
aLeanaGolubchik author
aHussienAly author
aEmmanuelCecchet author
aRobertMcCann author
aVijayKumar author
vMobiDE conf
aAlexDelis author
aQinglongHu author
aSpencerW.Ng author
aPeterVojtes author
aRavishankarRamamurthy author
aJonasOreland author
aV.W.Setzer author
aBenktWangler author
aMarinaBlanton author
aNinghuiLi author
aYongShi author
aKunchengLi author
aRobertA.Morris author
aSoonheeKim author
aCharlesZhi-kaiChen author
aBoqinFeng author
aTomonobuOzaki author
aJoseFranciscoAldanaMontes author
aRobertW.Marti author
aPaoloBusetta author
aDimitriTheodoratos author
aStephaneCoulondre author
aCassioSouzadosSantos author
aDominiqueRieu author
aDavidW.Stemple author
aDimitrisPapadopoulos author
aHyoilHan author
aMarkusSchneider author
aPierreVigneras author
aJongeunJun author
vVDMB conf
aTaesungPark author
aMehmetM.Dalkilic author
aZhuoWang author
aXin-GuangZhu author
aHaixuTang author
aH.DouglasMoser author
aJae-WooChang author
aChenLi author
aJeremeEuzenat author
aFredericAndres author
vDS-2 conf
aCarlHewitt author
aDouglasB.Lenat author
aNiinaHaiminen author
aSandeepPandey author
aRizzaCamusCaminero author
aChien-ChungHuang author
vCVDB conf
aRobertoCornacchia author
aCostasVassilakis author
aLeonidasGalanis author
aGenevieveJomier author
aGillesBarbedette author
aKazukoKuriyama author
aFranckNoel author
aJanBroersen author
aTimothyMalkemus author
aKarthikeyanRamasamy author
aMehmetA.Orgun author
aYanivBen-Yehuda author
aDuen-RenLiu author
aDjamelA.Zighed author
aMarkOette author
aMarcSumner author
aRobertCooley author
aSukomalPal author
aHanpeiKoike author
aDavidM.Blei author
aJohnD.Burger author
aBoXu author
aLikeGao author
aNaokiAdaboshi author
aStefanHermann author
aLeonBottou author
aJamesFrew author
aJonathanL.Herlocker author
aKinchoH.Law author
aPaulT.Jaeger author
aJohnAntonakis author
aBihuiJin author
aLisaA.Ennis author
aPimwadeeChaovalit author
aTomRishel author
aKevinKeenoy author
aBillMcIver author
aSadokBenYahia author
aPierrePompidor author
aCorneliaSeeberg author
aP.DavidStotts author
aTomSmith author
aCristinaSernadas author
vDS-3 conf
aC.ThomasWu author
aCindyMichiels author
aYanpingYang author
aManoliAlbert author
aGustavoRossi author
aFernandoDasNeves author
aHughC.Davis author
aLizBishoff author
aZimingZhuang author
aHadyWirawanLauw author
aChristopherOlston author
vDDB conf
aCatherineMoulinoux author
aHerbertWeber author
aFabioA.Schreiber author
aSjaakBrinkkemper author
aN.Brand author
aJ.Moormann author
aJean-YvesLingat author
aPhilippeBreche author
aBrianE.Hart author
aBartKuijpers author
vConstraintDatabases,GeometricEliminationandGeographicInformationSystems conf
aJoosHeintz author
aMaxJ.Egenhofer author
aPeterA.Burrough author
aI.D.Moore author
aSarahCornelius author
aJohnL.Smith author
aKatarinaJohnsson author
aPiotrJankowski author
aDeanUrban author
aScottMilton author
aJ.A.Richards author
aQ.M.JonathanWu author
aBeverlyK.Kahn author
aPaulJohannesson author
aErikKamsties author
vTransactionsandChangeinLogicDatabases conf
aHendrikDecker author
aNeelSundaresan author
aShamimA.Naqvi author
vConferenceonData:Abstraction,DefinitionandStructure conf
aMaryShaw author
aCharlesRich author
vOnConceptualModelling(Intervale) conf
aManuelReimer author
aDeryleW.Lonsdale author
aMustaphaKamelRahmouni author
aAntonioToral author
aEricBlaudez author
aKirilIvanovSimov author
aDeryaOzkan author
aXiaoMangShou author
aMarcusJ.Pickering author
aOndrejChum author
aYi-PingHung author
aArneSchuldt author
aAlainLelu author
aSelviaBarcellosSouthwick author
aMuhammadAbdusSalam author
aMalikMagdon-Ismail author
aRobertJ.Price author
aJean-YvesDelort author
aNoritadaShimizu author
aStuartNorcross author
aAlbertoNegro author
aAntoinetteRenouf author
aMegumiIshii author
aChing-HuangYun author
aLiangXiong author
aTamaraG.Kolda author
aHongweiWang author
aC.Soule-Dupuy author
aSegunAdewole author
aShingoKuroiwa author
aCharlsPearson author
aJaneyK.Cringean author
aSharonL.Bostick author
aHildrunKretschmer author
aTzu-ChuenLu author
aSiegfriedReich author
aMartinBernauer author
aG.M.Nijssen author
aDavidGross-Amblard author
aXuegangHuang author
aRajendranM.Sivasankaran author
aLars-OlofBurchard author
aClaraPizzuti author
aSasoDzeroski author
aJohnF.Roddick author
aRenzhongGuo author
aShi-KuoChang author
aJensOttoSerensen author
aWolfgangHemmer author
aHajerBaazaouiZghal author
aBennetVance author
aYuepingLu author
aAmerAl-Badarneth author
aFrancaGarzotto author
aManfredSchoelzke author
aAshrafAboulnaga author
aNipunAgarwal author
vLogicsforEmergingApplicationsofDatabases conf
aMichaelFink author
aDomenicoCarbotta author
aJayantMadhavan author
aMichitaImai author
aGregBarish author
aJianshengHuang author
aCurtisElsbernd author
aPhilipBohannon author
aAnnApps author
aZekiMustafaDogan author
aBeatriceRumpler author
aGregoryGrafenstette author
aLaurentVieille author
aMarekJ.Sergot author
vICOD-2WorkshoponNewApplicationsofDataBases conf
aM.Carli author
aKarenSparckJones author
aEugeneChouraqui author
aJ.R.Smith author
aZehuaLiu author
aPaolinoDiFelice author
aIngerNilsson author
aZ.Meralezsoyoglu author
aSuzannaLewis author
vOMICS conf
aDanielP.Miranker author
aDarylJ.D'Souza author
aMoushengXu author
aBryanKisiel author
aYueh-MingHuang author
aYvesPetinot author
aIanH.Witten author
aKlausTochtermann author
vDELOSWorkshop:PersonalisationandRecommenderSystemsinDigitalLibraries conf
aCesarM.RuizMeraz author
aMatthewChalmers author
aNicholasKushmerick author
aToniM.Rath author
aGregoireLefebvre author
aTillQuack author
aJoaquimArlandis author
aMarcosTheophylactou author
aWeiTan author
aAtsuyukiMorishima author
aGuizhenYang author
aHasanDavulcu author
aJohnHancock author
aJoachimSelbig author
aNataliaMarquez author
aAmosBairoch author
aMariaCleudiaCavalcanti author
aHidetoSato author
aM.David author
aZuotaoLi author
aReinhardPichler author
aGautamDas author
aEthanL.Miller author
aToshihiroNakashima author
aKazuakiFujii author
aEalanHenis author
aTimHunkapiller author
aFosterJ.Provost author
aManuelCastejenLimas author
aJergenKoch author
aWilburtLabio author
aDongXin author
aChien-YuChen author
aNgocThanhNguyen author
aEdgarHotz author
aJignashuParikh author
aLiyanZhang author
aShuzoYajima author
aGijsvanDinther author
aDing-YiChen author
aJulianJang author
aRichardWatson author
aByeongManKim author
aXingWu author
aLichaoTan author
aStefanBrass author
aJergenM.Janas author
aHweeHwaPang author
aYimingLiu author
aBernardoCuencaGrau author
aTyeRattenbury author
aJenniferMcManis author
aDmitryPavlov author
aJianzhongSun author
aCharlesSchweizer author
aPauloQuaresma author
aHenriPrade author
aArunabhaSen author
aKennethJ.Parzygnat author
aLeifB.Methlie author
aRobertoBellinzona author
aMikeFrame author
aIgorTatarinov author
aPaulBrown author
aHimanshuSharma author
aJoanneS.Claussen author
aTerrellRussell author
aWorthyN.Martin author
aShi-YongNeo author
aAndrewBortz author
aSeanM.McNee author
vDigitalLibraries conf
aJakkaSairamesh author
aSetsuoOhsuga author
aSukI.Yoo author
aAlbertoPinto author
aThaoNguyen author
aGunjanGupta author
aIndrajitBhattacharya author
aChih-FangWang author
aYuchangGong author
aMichaelV.Mannino author
aDavidA.Hull author
aRichardGoodrum author
aOzgurYilmazel author
aMartineNaillon author
aSimeonJ.Simoff author
aMarkCraven author
aClaudioGiuliano author
aSandrineDudoit author
aKristinP.Bennett author
aPeterChristen author
aerickLopez-Ornelas author
vManagingandMiningGenomeInformation conf
aJohannChristophFreytag author
aCraigSchaffert author
aGeorgRaeder author
aJohnJoseph author
aRyanKennedy author
aJie-BingYu author
aTeodorC.Przymusinski author
aSolmazKolahi author
aWen-SyanLi author
aJ.C.Shieh author
aSusumuSuzuki author
aThomasEiter author
aKirackSohn author
aKimberlyM.James author
aRobertZembowicz author
aHannuToivonen author
aXingquanZhu author
aErnestTeniente author
aGiorgioGhelli author
aChristophKoch author
aHansHeller author
aScottA.Hissam author
aPaoloCiancarini author
aAntonioNatali author
aShiyongLu author
aJarogniewRykowski author
aGuangyiBai author
aJayantKalagnanam author
aDavidGeorge author
aHidekiSaito author
aH.Weber author
aErikG.Nilsson author
aJorgeCardoso author
aChristopherThomas author
aGokceLaleci author
aGillesHubert author
aScottB.Huffman author
aMaojinJiang author
aChuanLi author
aIanDavidson author
aBelenMartin-Barragan author
aVandanaPursnaniJaneja author
aA.J.Meijer author
aMichaelTyworth author
aDanCombs author
aRichardG.Niemi author
aBillKules author
aLindaC.Smith author
aEricW.Brown author
aRichardA.Gustafson author
aYingWang author
vWECWIS conf
aTaoLi author
aChangZhao author
aYiqiuHan author
aShinjiFujiwara author
aQ.D.Huynh author
aJoaquimGonealves author
aIsmaelSanz author
aIoanaManolescu author
aFredPhillips author
aMichaelD.McNeese author
aEul-GyuIm author
aChao-JunLu author
vMobileInformationManagement conf
aSusanneBoll author
aCliffBrunk author
aBruceM.Maggs author
aZashaWeinberg author
aKianSingNg author
aVincentY.Lum author
aRobCardwell author
aLouisHamel author
aMarcoDario author
aWen-TeK.Lin author
aMohammadAsgarian author
aMichaelW.Mahoney author
aKaidiZhao author
aWeiJin author
aZhenwenDai author
aByoung-TakZhang author
aJergenKremer author
aPatrickMarcel author
aLaurenceNigay author
aJinxiXu author
aThomasR.Lynam author
aTimoRaita author
aM.I.Sessa author
aDietrichKlakow author
aStefanQuicker author
aDavidA.Grossman author
aYixingSun author
aVictorLavrenko author
aGabrielSomlo author
vRSKD conf
aMohuaBanerjee author
vSOFTEKSWorkshoponIncompletenessandUncertaintyinInformationSystems conf
aChengjieLuo author
aSatoshiKamei author
aRyenW.White author
aLoretoBravo author
aJuanC.Lavariega author
aWenfangTan author
aYaoWang author
aSoonTeeTeoh author
aUsamaM.Fayyad author
aDanielKifer author
aJonathanY.K.Lim author
aJianqiangWang author
aTomekStrzalkowski author
aFernandoDiaz author
aDjoerdHiemstra author
aCharlesMcClellan author
aKalyankumarDatta author
aVivienPetras author
aLeonardoAndrade author
vScalableDataManagementinEvolvingNetworks conf
aFraneoisGoasdoue author
aPasqualeDeMeo author
vJ.DataSemantics conf
aBarbaraDunin-Keplicz author
aKennethChoi author
aPedroGarcea-Mochales author
aAltigranSoaresdaSilva author
aChidanandApte author
aJoeCatalano author
aClaireCardie author
aNigelPayne author
aRandolphB.Cooper author
aHowardGreisdorf author
aKazuhiroMorita author
aZe-yuanLiu author
aFabioCiravegna author
aRuiFang author
aIlsooAhn author
aShilpaLawande author
aAndreasHutflesz author
aRobertStevens author
aYi-LehWu author
aJamesP.Richardson author
aErikWilde author
aShenghuoZhu author
aGeYu author
aJayavelShanmugasundaram author
aAlainPirotte author
aMalcolmP.Atkinson author
aGiulianoAntoniol author
aColinWare author
aNigelDerrett author
aMosheM.Zloof author
aYuzuruFujiwara author
aShahabKamali author
aJoseMiguelBlanco author
aP.Campanelli author
aJyh-charnLyu author
aYakupYildirim author
aNorbertDuppel author
aKarlMachaczek author
aHubertF.Hofmann author
aTerryA.Halpin author
aHerculesDalianis author
aMarlonDumas author
aNaLi author
aMichaelJ.Cafarella author
aChristinaYipChung author
aLidiaFuentes author
aJohnFox author
aJianzhongChen author
aJianYingZhang author
aBeijunRuan author
aJong-TaeLim author
aSenqiangZhou author
aPaoloGiudici author
aSivakumarRavada author
aMatthewC.Jones author
aLindaL.Hill author
aArturoMontejoReez author
aRaquelM.CrespoGarcea author
aSusanSchreibman author
aJonasHolmstrem author
aSamK.S.Sze author
aMichalJacovi author
aMehdiKharrazi author
aDong-HoKim author
aJinwookChoi author
aSallyE.Howe author
aEricA.Bier author
aMing-ShiWang author
aMingchunLuo author
aAhmedHajYasien author
aJohelMiteran author
aChrisNorth author
aSonalBhushman author
aRaoShen author
aSvenVlaeminck author
aLisaBiagini author
aSastryDuri author
aYasuyukiMatsuda author
aRonaldJ.Brachman author
vOnKnowledgeBaseManagementSystems(Islamorada) conf
aJohnMilesSmith author
aW.DanielHillis author
aJimMelton author
aSpyrosZoupanos author
aChi-SungLaih author
aToshinariIida author
aJaganSankaranarayanan author
aGeorgLausen author
aAgustinGonzelez author
aColinMacnee author
aJuliaHirschberg author
aHanaZfira author
aGianPieroZarri author
aVasantDhar author
aClesioSaraivadosSantos author
aArunasStockus author
aLeedeCola author
aRichardMarciano author
vOOER conf
aRichardJ.Lipton author
aAnaRipoll author
aEvaggeliaPitoura author
aZonghuanWu author
aAndrewTurpin author
aJohnTolle author
aGregorThurmair author
aQiangWang author
aMarcM.VanHulle author
aChrisGiannella author
aMargaretH.Dunham author
aToshihikoManabe author
aRyuichiroHigashinaka author
aXiaoqingDing author
aHitoshiIsahara author
aT.N.Vikram author
aMarcL.Resnick author
aLing-LingWu author
aHsi-PengLu author
aYvesGingras author
aPatriciaChapman author
aZygmuntMazur author
aJohnStevenson author
aBoLuo author
aBenHeuwing author
aAndreasPutzinger author
aMarkusNick author
aMirkamKeck author
aKlaus-DieterAlthoff author
aK.Ganapathi author
aSandeepGupta author
aHarrickM.Vin author
aNikiPissinou author
aXiaoyanZhu author
aLuesTorgo author
aJimengSun author
aRuneHumborstad author
aSergioIlarri author
aFlavioCorradini author
aYanfenShen author
aAlbertoAnguita author
aTetsuyaMatsuyama author
aStephanWilke author
aJoseA.Cruz-Lemus author
aMengSu author
aNanditSoparkar author
aAbdelazizBerrado author
aEiriniTheodorou author
aJunhyongKim author
aToddKing author
aFrancesN.Glover author
aMaythamSafar author
aSuchitAgarwal author
aMiraMezini author
aKunalPunera author
aGuoqiFeng author
aAhmadAlShibli author
aFelixWeigel author
aChristofLeding author
aAmosFiat author
aAllenVanGelder author
aGrahamCormode author
aKoushaEtessami author
aNicoleSchweikardt author
aRalphMichaelis author
aJackDongarra author
aJudithKlavans author
aBorislavaI.Simidchieva author
aGalinaDatskovskyMoerdler author
aPeterL.Hammer author
aAnitaKomlodi author
aB.Pieeres author
aNealPettigrew author
aStephenE.Reichenbach author
aChwan-ChuenKing author
aPierreRossel author
aSharonS.Dawes author
aVladimirEstivill-Castro author
aYunhaiTong author
aDieterVandeCraen author
aBaw-JhiuneLiu author
aWilliamM.Shui author
aAnitaW.Huang author
aW.N.Dawson author
aP.Lebeux author
aDonnaM.Nystrom author
aJergFriebe author
aRolf-PeterLiedtke author
aD.W.Lambert author
vNetworkingandInformationSystems conf
aEmmanuelleLeStrugeon author
aErnestoCarvalho author
aReneMandiau author
aShihuiZheng author
aChin-WanChung author
aT.PatrickMartin author
aMarshaChechik author
aXiaolinLi author
aTerenceC.Lau author
aAmitBagga author
aRafaelMueoz author
aHua-GangLi author
aTsuyoshiOno author
aWen-junSun author
aToshikazuNishimura author
aTakaharuOishi author
aTapasK.Nayak author
aH.Auer author
aSusanV.Vrbsky author
aVictorC.S.Lee author
aArneSelvberg author
aJackyAkoka author
aAlainWegmann author
aWenguangJi author
aYasumaMori author
aRodrigoGonealves author
aAmitBasu author
aDouglasComer author
aRyanMaglich author
aGarretSwart author
aJamesT.Kwok author
vEventProcessing conf
aEui-namHuh author
aK.ManiChandy author
aRainervonAmmon author
vDEBS conf
aWesleyW.Terpstra author
aHaoYang author
aOrenEtzioni author
aDavidB.Lewanda author
aJunFujima author
aAlexRogers author
aTimothyW.Finin author
aMartinGogolla author
aTeppoKansala author
aEfstathiosStamatatos author
aDouShen author
aHanxiangPeng author
aHaukeSchmidt author
aReaganMoore author
aLixinLi author
aXiaomingJin author
aStefanPaal author
aMarceloLuisErrecalde author
aG.Windall author
aRubenWolf author
aEnricoFrancesconi author
aAlessandraRaffaete author
aCarl-AlexanderWichert author
aDirkDraheim author
aClaireMcInerney author
aQishiWu author
aChengliangLiu author
aW.JohnWilbur author
aAndreRenaud author
aAnneAdams author
aKetanMayer-Patel author
aHirotakaMizuno author
aCourtneyWade author
aDanielKeysers author
aMohamedFarah author
aJoseIgnacioSerrano author
aGajendraSisodia author
aFabioPittarello author
aCostasLambrinoudakis author
aWeeHyongTok author
aJenniferGolbeck author
aHaruoHosoya author
aThorstenFiebig author
aKlausPeithner author
aCharlyKleissner author
aGigliolaVaglini author
aLixinFu author
aXiaodanZhang author
aPeterKreps author
aEpaminondasKapetanios author
aYiyaYang author
aCristinaSirangelo author
aHelenM.Thomas author
aGilfordHapanyengwi author
aHuaShu author
aAhmadBaraani-Dastjerdi author
aLucaCorciulo author
aHiroyukiSeki author
aSaiSun author
aNingJing author
aHjerdisHoff author
aThomasBergstraesser author
aDimitrisTombros author
aBay-WeiChang author
aTzung-PeiHong author
aYiu-mingCheung author
aJohnA.Stankovic author
aRobertC.Goldstein author
aMathieuRoche author
aSujeethThirumalai author
aEserAygun author
aJarekGryz author
aAkiraMatsumoto author
aYingLu author
aJenniferWhyte author
aLakhdarSais author
aJochenL.Leidner author
aPauloRocha author
aEdwinA.Henneken author
aFabrizioFalchi author
aHuaiqingWang author
aArjenHommersom author
aHyerimBae author
aJianpingZhang author
aYahuiChang author
aCemilAlper author
aSimonS.Y.Shim author
aM.Arageo author
aFanDu author
aYojiTaniguchi author
aMingLei author
aHarumiA.Kuno author
aChi-YinHuangHsu author
aKimmoHetenen author
aKonstantinV.Shvachko author
aXiaosongMa author
aSouripriyaDas author
aStavrosPolyviou author
aBruceE.Martin author
aGillesFarley author
aSpyridonBraoudakis author
aChristophBehm author
aMaryJaneWillshire author
aDonaldF.Rossin author
aMartinJ.Eppler author
aGrahamDoig author
aStephanieWatts author
aIvyWan author
aMattClarke author
aMadhavanK.Nayar author
vIICIS conf
aShannonChan author
aZhongTian author
aSusanMoy author
aJenniferChu-Carroll author
aAhmedArara author
aMuratKoyuncu author
aJohnT.Robinson author
aPieroFraternali author
aManfredA.Jeusfeld author
aAidenR.Doherty author
aBrianM.Tomaszewski author
aAvonneBell author
aDanLi author
aStuartW.Shulman author
aSalvatoreJ.Stolfo author
aRobertC.Worrest author
aHuiYang author
vDigitalHistoricalCorpora conf
aNicholasSmith author
aAndreasWitt author
aEvangelosSimoudis author
aMartijnC.Schut author
aAbhirupChatterjee author
aTimothyGriffin author
aEdoardoAiroldi author
aLubomirBic author
aRobertH.Deng author
aDonaldE.Brown author
aTerryCaelli author
aYaneeKachai author
aBaoxiangCao author
aTakenaoOhkawa author
aChung-HongLee author
aWallapakTavanapong author
aMicheleAlbano author
aAtsushiKoike author
aMichaelF.Worboys author
aFredericoT.Fonseca author
aCleudiodeSouzaBaptista author
aPanagiotisGeorgiadis author
aD.Laurent author
aKlausMeiener author
aShojiroNishio author
aG.Kreger author
aAlexanderF.Gelbukh author
aStefanoMesselodi author
aTomGross author
aJillSlay author
aYishengDong author
aZhixingHuang author
aMaurizioAtzori author
aChristelVrain author
aJoseM.PeeaSenchez author
aZhenyuChen author
aLijuanZhang author
aKostV.Elisevich author
aWilliamEberle author
aYiWang author
aFakhriKarray author
aJiWang author
aRemyThibaud author
aMartinGaedke author
vDS-9 conf
aFelipeIbeeez author
aYinghuiNa author
aJonIturrioz author
aMikelEgaeaAranguren author
aLaurentAmanton author
aVictorvanSwede author
aMarenKrone author
aPatrickE.O'Neil author
aChunboHuang author
aNikolaosKotsis author
aGuang-SheenLiu author
aRichardJensen author
aBenjaminF.Bohren author
aGenevaG.Belford author
aFuTong author
aJoarderKamruzzaman author
aVirgiliuPavlu author
aVesaKyllenen author
aEeroSormunen author
aSinYeungLee author
aAiqiangGao author
aSusanneA.Sherba author
aPeterBrusilovsky author
aDjemelZiou author
aAngelaBonifati author
aDanielOlmedilla author
aJeffPollock author
aJoachimSche author
aMillistW.Vincent author
aHongYu author
aDavidRosenblitt author
aWendyHall author
aRolandTraunmeller author
aCharalamposVassiliou author
aA.ToniCohen author
aSheilaA.Greibach author
aLaureBerti-Equille author
aBingYan author
aBarryEaglestone author
aFarnoushBanaeiKashani author
aUllasNambiar author
aDavidLievens author
aAixinSun author
aJohnG.Hughes author
aDavidM.Pennock author
aDavidL.Childs author
aJ.Randon author
aJeanL.Bell author
aBrianMurphy author
aHongkunZhao author
aRafiulAhad author
aPaulH.Leng author
aKrutiPatel author
aZuopengZhang author
aH.M.W.(Eric)Verbeek author
aDongCheng author
aMichaelSchmitt author
aJeffreyM.Bradshaw author
aKyuseokShim author
aSuryaNepal author
aD.J.L.Gradwell author
aM.Ronson author
aS.MisbahDeen author
aOrlandoBelo author
aVolkerCoors author
aGerhardGreger author
aCarlosSantos author
aRossanaSantos author
aRangaRajuVatsavai author
aAlbertoBelussi author
aRafaelCeballos author
aTheodoreAndronikos author
aAhmedMostefaoui author
aHenriqueJoeoL.Domingos author
aJohnM.McGann author
aJamesC.Brown author
aPatriciaG.Baker author
aDavidS.Munro author
aMoniqueSnoeck author
aGiuseppeRaimondo author
aPaoloPaganelli author
aPatrickBosc author
aGaganAggarwal author
aA.M.Alashqur author
aFelipeCarieo author
aAnilNori author
aPierluigiPlebani author
aAndreasL.Opdahl author
aZoubidaKedad author
aSeonHwaChoi author
aGentherFliedl author
aMichaelBieber author
aJergM.Haake author
aLesCarr author
aYin-FuHuang author
aSouravChakraborty author
aDiveshSrivastava author
aKayLiangOng author
aAnastassiaAilamaki author
aJohnL.Berg author
aChingChang author
aMaartenMarx author
aDianeC.P.Smith author
aArthurJ.Collmeyer author
aMalcolmH.Gotterer author
aDidierPlateau author
aBartMeltzer author
aMichiMutsuzaki author
aHaewoonKwak author
aDengCai author
aPaulD.Berger author
aChingY.Suen author
aGregoryD.Speegle author
aMarcosKawazoeAguilera author
aBelleL.Tseng author
aDekangLin author
aHernaL.Viktor author
aMichaelOskins author
aChristosD.Zaroliagis author
aAndrewJ.Bucknell author
aJaccovanOssenbruggen author
aMikeGatford author
aJoelCarleton author
aIngoFrommholz author
aChristopherJ.Tuot author
aR.Diehl author
aSamChamberlain author
aJohnPearson author
aXuWu author
aWonS.Lee author
aIsmailH.Toroslu author
aByunng-WaoOh author
aDeepakKulkarni author
aRandalReid author
aBrianHenderson-Sellers author
aPasqualeRullo author
aJoeoAraejo author
aLionelVerlaine author
aElenaBarcucci author
aHuanamSon author
aAmarK.Das author
aYannisBatistakis author
aNaphtaliRishe author
aEdwinD.deJong author
aCliffordKer author
aCarlaChachaty author
aThomasBrinkhoff author
vDataAlwaysandEverywhere-ManagementofMobile,Ubiquitous,Pervasive,andSensorData conf
aArjanClaassen author
aYimingMa author
aHemantJoshi author
aSmithaPatil author
aNaliniVenkatasubramanian author
aBrettTyler author
aJergLeukel author
aMarcoPagani author
aGerritRiessen author
aEliasTahhan-Bittar author
aPepijnR.S.Visser author
aGerhardWidmer author
aShusakuTsumoto author
aJanVanthienen author
aFrankLeymann author
aAlexanderSerebrenik author
aKilSeongChoi author
aRobertHecht-Nielsen author
aMichaelMcGill author
aMarianneLykkeNielsen author
vHIKM conf
aSusanPrice author
aRossMacIntyre author
aHarithAlani author
aYongjianYu author
aBenAdida author
aGenterLadwig author
aRuneHjelsvold author
aNevzatHurkanBalkir author
aTerenceR.Smith author
vWorkshoponProgrammingwithLogicDatabases(InformalProceedings),ILPS conf
aSenizDemir author
aMicheleBanko author
aEytanAdar author
aNivioZiviani author
aSimonM.Kaplan author
aWeiminChen author
aRonDolin author
aBlaiseCronin author
aKuiyuChang author
aXinqiangZuo author
aTimoBurkard author
aTimLeek author
vSIGSMALL/SIGMODSymposium conf
aA.W.Friesen author
aCarlD.Kirshen author
aCarolCross author
aJamesLeigh author
aHoytD.Warner author
aC.Weck author
aGeoffreyH.Kuenning author
aJohnKornatowski author
aDavidOdle author
aRobertC.Gammill author
aWilliamF.Honey author
aRobertM.Pecherer author
aMichaelGrossniklaus author
aMarcelloSarini author
aEricW.M.Wong author
aAmitK.Goenka author
aLeiGao author
aZivBar-Yossef author
aTimothyD.Heilman author
aShuohaoZhang author
aMicheleCuomo author
aNobuyoshiSato author
aQinglinGuo author
aOlafNelle author
aRobertoGarcea author
aZafarU.Singhera author
aYaxinBi author
aEugenioSantos author
aLuesaSilva author
aAlvaroA.A.Fernandes author
aEsterZumpano author
aBartVerheecke author
aIonConstantinescu author
aRalphNeuneier author
aZhiqiangGao author
aNorbertoFernendezGarcea author
aKimViljanen author
aJia-LingKoh author
aThomasLemke author
aSetsuoArikawa author
aSergioDiMartino author
aChristosMakris author
aSangYoonLee author
aAndreasHenrich author
aAnmolBhasin author
aZhongfeiZhang author
aM.ElizabethC.Hull author
aWeiQian author
aChih-SungTang author
aPeterBruza author
aKarenPinel-Sauvagnat author
aJuanF.Huete author
aMalcolmClark author
aTuomoVehkomaki author
aAnthonyJ.Bonner author
aParagC.Pendharkar author
aY.Chung author
aGerhardKestler author
aThomasKirsche author
aFengqiongQin author
aDanielWu author
aGuillermoFernandezOrtiz author
aReinhardBraumandl author
aKamelAouiche author
aBenjaminRyan author
aChrisKnight author
aWei-kengLiao author
aJustoHidalgo author
aM.V.Ramakrishna author
aAntoniosDeligiannakis author
aHelenaGalhardas author
vIQIS conf
aYifatBelous author
aHeikkiTopi author
aJunyuNiu author
aTerryMoore author
aFredDouglis author
aNenadJovanovic author
aAllenBrown author
aMegHeimovics author
aLevFinkelstein author
aThomasW.Malone author
aJintaeLee author
aRuqianLu author
aG.Nagaraja author
aNinaEdelweiss author
aPaulM.Aoki author
aLeilaKosseim author
aMonicaPatrut author
aMiguelAngelGarceaCumbreras author
aSvetlanaSoglasnova author
aKatjaHofmann author
aIn-SuKang author
aBinWang author
aJohnLynch author
aYinanLi author
aMarcinZukowski author
aJinhuaLi author
aSomchaiChatvichienchai author
aXinzhongZhu author
aKerryRodden author
aAlbertoGonzelezPalomo author
aRalfKlischewski author
aGiorgioBruno author
aCyrilS.Ku author
aQingxiangWu author
aSanjayChawla author
aArifGhafoor author
aSaraComai author
aKimCameron author
aRatulMahajan author
aJongHoPark author
aMoChen author
aEricNyberg author
aCraigStanfill author
aRakeshM.Verma author
aAnestisGkanogiannis author
aPeterWidmayer author
aChialinChang author
aDominiqueRoelants author
aZhiliZhang author
aJunyiXie author
aH.Z.Yang author
aJeffreyS.Poulin author
aTzi-ckerChiueh author
aYong-IkYoon author
aAhmadElSayed author
aMarzenaKryszkiewicz author
aShinichiNakasuka author
aEibeFrank author
aBarbaraM.Wildemuth author
aRossJ.Todd author
aNegaAlemayehu author
aRubenLeon author
aDuncanSinclair author
aOhadLipsky author
aVojkanMihajlovic author
aBerkurSigurbjernsson author
aFennyMuliawan author
aC.M.Sperberg-McQueen author
aRameshLekshmynarayanan author
aGeorgeA.Mihaila author
aKrishnaKant author
aPeterStucki author
aDerickWood author
aAlexanderHinneburg author
aRichardC.Holt author
aKeithMcGuigan author
aYingyingTao author
aMiZhou author
aEl-SayedEl-Azhary author
aAaronCeglar author
aXiaohuiLiu author
aMei-MeiWu author
aXiangjiHuang author
aChristelleVangenot author
aVassilisZafeiris author
aSabinaElHaoum author
aCarlosGranell author
aTomoyaEnokido author
aToyooTakata author
aJoseDanado author
aRodrigoCastro-Rojo author
aYaobinXu author
aAngelicaUrrutia author
aJohandeHeer author
aChih-HaoHsu author
aJe-HoPark author
aBrijeshVerma author
aHelioLopesdosSantos author
aEugenioSpadafora author
aMassimoMecella author
aLudgerBischofs author
vDELOSWorkshop:DigitalLibraryArchitectures-LNCSVolume conf
aMartaOliva author
aTuongNguyen author
aJuanM.DoderoBeardo author
aMiguelengelSiciliaUrben author
aMishaDmitriev author
aLiubaShrira author
aChristopherN.Bond author
aBertVanderLinden author
aRadekVingralek author
aVasudevaAkula author
aRonaldR.Yager author
aChaomeiChen author
aCharlesOppenheim author
aGastonHeimeriks author
aJinSooChung author
aCharlesHanson author
aGavinMcCance author
aPierangeloVeltri author
aGiuliaBruno author
aHelderCastro author
aPeterSchallauer author
aThomasLeich author
aMichaelStrommer author
aXiaodongChen author
aJohnA.Campbell author
aHans-GentherLinde-Geers author
aJoseMira author
aKeithG.Jeffery author
aGuidoProietti author
aAlexandreSorokine author
aLiangWang author
aHamishS.F.Fraser author
aXinWu author
aWeihuiDai author
aOzgurD.Sahin author
aAnastasiosKementsietsidis author
aLudgerFiege author
aMingLi author
aGeraldoZimbrao author
aWeiweiSun author
aTsviKuflik author
aBlumaC.Peritz author
aSusanBonzi author
aRichardL.Derr author
aHamidR.JamaliM. author
aLuzMarinaQuiroga author
aRogerThompson author
aJordanRaddick author
aJoanA.Smith author
aWeiminZheng author
aShunZhou author
aYunboCao author
aJiahengLu author
aKyoosangCho author
aWillisLuther author
aGennadyAntoshenkov author
aPeymanFaratin author
aChiaraBiancheri author
aDiegoSeco author
aSaeedehMaleki-Dizaji author
aEijaAirio author
aSalihaAzzam author
aKimmoFredriksson author
aGerardZwaan author
aDanielM.Russell author
aPaoloPaolini author
aJergenGenauer author
aErikBuchmann author
aOliverSchumacher author
aRayBareiss author
aMarkBernstein author
aLouisSauter author
aG.DegliAntoni author
aByungguYu author
aShiwenGu author
aMichaelA.Olson author
aAmadorDurenToro author
aXiaochengGe author
aSilviaE.Gordillo author
aMichaelA.Langston author
aPeterJ.Stuckey author
aKeikoShimazu author
aRobertWinter author
aEdwardP.F.Chan author
aChristianKirkegaard author
aCarloSartiani author
aNileshBansal author
aStefanoLeonardi author
aRobertKorfhage author
aWei-MinShen author
aVasilisMegalooikonomou author
aValerijBauer author
aLiTu author
aSelinaChu author
aClintTustison author
aAlanJ.Dix author
aY.C.Chuah author
aMarkusBecker author
aManolisMarazakis author
aCarlosAguirre author
aEdgarWeippl author
aStephenW.Liddle author
aEdgarChevez author
aVicentePelechano author
aJean-DanielZucker author
aMasaakiTsubaki author
aWang-PinHsiung author
aBipinC.Desai author
vDMG conf
aMarceloArenas author
aSamiNaouali author
aInesBouzouita author
aEl-GhazaliTalbi author
aRosarioCuria author
aJohnK.Debenham author
aShungeLi author
aMarkS.Ackerman author
aRalphSchlapbach author
aDanA.Simovici author
aEricDubois author
aAndreRifaut author
aLouisDourte author
aDouglasBurdick author
aRobertDemolombe author
aAnneDurand author
aJacquesKouloumdjian author
aWoosungKim author
aTatsunoriMori author
vWIRI conf
aSaschaKriewel author
aShaliniR.Urs author
aHaraldKrottmaier author
aRichardLuce author
aFranckFalcoz author
aSauliLaitinen author
aJesesPardillo author
aKonoKim author
aFelixCheung author
aAnthonyRowe author
aGeorgianaIfrim author
aVeliBicer author
aDavidSkogan author
aStephanHeymann author
aKenMeyer author
aAntonellaGuzzo author
aA.T.Kutanov author
aCevdetDengi author
aMargaretH.Eich author
aMukulK.Sinha author
aGailE.Kaiser author
vCross-OrganisationalWorkflowManagementandCo-ordination conf
aAlanJ.Kent author
aNicolasPasquier author
aMireilleRegnier author
aBarronC.Housel author
vDatabasesinTelecommunications conf
aTiinaNiklander author
aErdoganDogdu author
aMingXiong author
aKwok-WaLam author
aAngeloPerkusich author
aDanielA.Furtado author
aJacquesDucloy author
aHinrichSchetze author
aNunoFreire author
vFormalMethodsinDatabasesandSoftwareEngineering conf
aFangqingDong author
aDavidR.Musser author
aXuminNie author
aDanielA.Nonen author
aAndreasMeier author
aChristianFahrner author
aStephenC.Y.Lu author
aAlexanderBrodsky author
aAlinaCampan author
aRaduSion author
aMichelA.Melkanoff author
aYangDeyuan author
aJianWang author
aDavidL.Hicks author
aNaokiShibata author
aPeterM.Cholewinski author
aScottMcFaddin author
aRenatoBusatto author
aVijayV.Mandke author
aMaryC.Prochnow author
aJosephSarkis author
aOlgaVolkoff author
aTraciCampbell author
aCinziaCappiello author
aChi-KinKeung author
aHarryWu author
aGadyAgam author
aYufangSun author
aRaviSharma author
aAndrewWells author
aAlvisCheukM.Fong author
aNaokoOyama author
aJiashenTian author
aChunYiChoi author
aDianeM.Tarte author
aLa-meiYan author
aHuanHuo author
aRistoGligorov author
aKimberlyKeeton author
aMichiakiTatsubori author
aKehongWang author
aAnneAula author
aDeborahS.Chung author
aVincentLariviere author
aMichaelWorkman author
aFrankExner author
aH.Chen author
aOliverSeeliger author
aHaiwuHe author
aShengpingLiu author
aXiangdongZhou author
aMichaelSteiner author
aYenelYildirim author
aPascaleBorla-Salamet author
aMarkusTresch author
aShuchiPatel author
aMarianneDeMichiel author
aElisaQuintarelli author
aRosalbaRossato author
aAngiVoe author
aDavidJ.Israel author
aCecilChuaEngHuang author
aHans-HellmutNagel author
aMarkusMittendorfer author
aPunitAhluwalia author
aFernandoAlonso author
aCaraMacNish author
aJohnM.Aronis author
aJanezDemsar author
aJoseGabrielPereiraLopes author
aJanMrezek author
aHaiquanLi author
aO.Tjandra author
aHuiLi author
aEamonWalshe author
aAnirbanMondal author
aAuroraVizcaeno author
aZhuangYan author
aMarekWisniewski author
aJosepBlat author
aMakotoTakizawa author
aErikBoertjes author
aAbdelkaderHameurlain author
aYukioUematsu author
aJohnP.Oakley author
aDimitraVista author
aGregorLeban author
aFraneoisJacquenet author
aKojiEguchi author
aDiomidisSpinellis author
aYonatanSchler author
aRalfKlinkenberg author
aSeongbinPark author
aTimJ.Brailsford author
aLadaA.Adamic author
aKoenKok author
aJanPrins author
aV.PaulPauca author
aGemmaCasas-Garriga author
aAldarDougarjapov author
aKatsuyaMatsubara author
aJianzhongLi author
aXiuliMa author
aBinZhang author
aFabioMassacci author
aAchimMichel-Backofen author
aPedroValderas author
aAntoniosKogias author
aAdrianaIamnitchi author
aStefanBrantner author
aSooyoungOh author
aKaCheungSia author
aFrancescoPiazza author
aFatihGelgi author
aYushinTatsumi author
aAlbertoGil-Solla author
aJelenaJovanovic author
aAntonioGulli author
aKyu-YoungWhang author
aMichaelKassoff author
aZoltenGyengyi author
aPeterKjellberg author
aJoseFernandoRodriguesJr. author
aMichaelA.Taitslin author
vWACC conf
aJohnA.Mariani author
aLukBoral author
aPaulWatson author
aRogerJames author
aJuliaLuxenburger author
aTak-LamWong author
aRichardL.Bankert author
aTeresaF.Lunt author
aFaustoRabitti author
aFrancescoBuccafurri author
aJunLiu author
aXin-GuiHe author
aW.Teich author
aMichaelSchryro author
aJustinRosenstein author
aPeterJozsa author
aScottShenker author
aMarkMinas author
aMarkusWawryniuk author
aGuillermoSenchez-Deaz author
aDavidP.Biros author
aEhabAl-Shaer author
aJudeeK.Burgoon author
aYonilZhung author
aGlennH.MacEwen author
aToddGross author
aTsan-shengHsu author
aTsvetankaGeorgieva author
aKlaraLagji author
aPanagiotisChountas author
aSe-YoungPark author
aMordechaiAverbuch author
aKhalidSaeed author
aDavidJ.States author
aLisaCovi author
aH.JaapvandenHerik author
vVLDBSurveys conf
aMareaAngelesPastor author
aFranciscoMarques author
aManuelPalomar author
aTimGollins author
aGosseBouma author
aAlessandroVallin author
aMarcelloFederico author
aTamasE.Doszkocs author
vDELOSWorkshop:InformationSeeking,SearchingandQueryinginDigitalLibraries conf
aIlariaBartolini author
aNicolaVacca author
aShengfuLu author
aTeresaMariaAltomareBasile author
aEstherHochsztain author
aStefanoFerilli author
aJudyL.Cheng author
aChristosPapatheodorou author
aJoos-HendrikBese author
aSang-HyunPark0002 author
aFionaLee author
aLjiljanaStojanovic author
aQiaozhuMei author
aTomMinka author
aPaulHeymann author
aXiaoSu author
aMaxGoebel author
aMaiderAzanza author
aElaineIsnard author
aNormanMay author
aAlfonsoF.Cardenas author
aFlorinRusu author
vDataTypesandPersistence(Appin) conf
aJanHidders author
aNianhuaLi author
aNancyFlournoy author
aMarianoP.Consens author
aKeyPousttchi author
aAntonioMueoz author
aRichardJohnAnthony author
aJiajinLe author
aMin-JaeLee author
aYongjinKwon author
aCongjunYang author
aThomasRuf author
aSanjayDewal author
aChutimetSrinilta author
aFaxinZhao author
aXiu-KunWang author
aQuanZhang author
aJingFengLi author
aHongzhiWang author
aOrenKurland author
aTomAult author
aTsutomuHirao author
aZhengZhang author
aSeung-WooKim author
aMichalisVaitis author
aIkumiHorie author
aBintouKane author
aKenjiHatano author
aFrancescD.Mueoz-Escoe author
aArnoPuder author
aLuisH.Garcea-Mueoz author
aJean-MarcMenaud author
aYuZhang author
aMargarethSimees author
aDianneCook author
aBartDemoen author
aVenuSatuluri author
aAtsuhiroTakasu author
aMassimoPaolucci author
aRongJeng author
aFraneoiseGuisnel author
aKenHiguchi author
aDaisukeSaitoh author
aYongluanZhou author
aSergeyMelnik author
aGordonMcLeanJr. author
aSuk-ChungYoon author
aKurtP.Brown author
aYuh-MinTseng author
aShinYokoyama author
aShinjiKusumoto author
aRiteshKumarTiwari author
aMakotoYokozawa author
aClaudioBettini author
aSooyongPark author
aYo-ichiYamamoto author
aKoichiKashiwabara author
aSousanKarimi author
aArdieSchijf author
aJorgeF.Garza author
aItaruNishizawa author
aQiangZhu author
aLeonardoLesmo author
aReuvenKashi author
aHuei-HuangChen author
aMatildeCelma author
aLuigiPontieri author
aJacquesSavoy author
aKarenSauvagnat author
aJohnS.Robinson author
aD.I.Howells author
aAndrewC.Jones author
aMei-LingShyu author
vRevisedPapersfromMDM/KDDandPAKDD/KDMCD conf
aBrendanHills author
aShengkeYu author
aBettySalzberg author
vXP4.5WorkshoponDatabaseTheory conf
aFernandoBerzalGaliano author
aMosheZviran author
aJuanPazos author
aYangChu author
aDaiDai author
aAnishDasSarma author
aLucMoreau author
aJianyongWang author
aXiaopengXiong author
aJulianaFreire author
aAnthonyC.Klug author
aDavidB.Skillicorn author
aDavidA.Dampier author
aBharathKumarMohan author
aYuanzhiZhang author
aBhuvanUrgaonkar author
aTerenceCritchlow author
aN.J.Fiddian author
aSachinKulkarni author
aOthonielRodriguez author
aJ.T.Park author
aMatteoMagnani author
aStephaneLopes author
aMartinTheobald author
aVesaOllikainen author
aHsun-KangSu author
aRickBunt author
aD.PaulSims author
aRobertT.Monroe author
aKellyA.Lyons author
aBerniSchiefer author
aBartonP.Miller author
aGuimeiLiu author
aChristianBorgelt author
aHuiWang author
aXufeiQian author
aPaulFeldman author
aT.J.Sillitoe author
aP.KrishnaReddy author
aHitomiSaito author
aRonMcFadyen author
aEdmonChung author
aMarkN.Haynie author
aAbhijitPol author
aKarenM.Y.Ng author
aBernadetteFariasLescio author
aSusanneE.Hambrusch author
aMelanieWeis author
aFrancisCrimmins author
aClaudioSartori author
aKaterinaKabassi author
aDietmarWolfram author
aWandaPratt author
aWolfgangGlenzel author
aTzai-ZangLee author
aJianhuaChen author
aGangKou author
aLingZhuang author
aKeithC.C.Chan author
aWai-HoAu author
aJesseBockstedt author
aLisaHellerstein author
aChiung-HonLeonLee author
aSimonHawkins author
aMarcPlantevit author
aYvesDenneulin author
aFrederickE.Petry author
aMarkusM.Breunig author
aStephenCronen-Townsend author
aChrisP.Rainsford author
vNDDL conf
aGrigoriSidorov author
aJergenFischerNilsson author
aMingT.Liu author
aChih-ChiNi author
aLianSengTeo author
aReneBaeares-Alcentara author
aRobertBaumgartner author
aI.K.RavichandraRao author
aP.R.Bird author
aCatharineM.Wyss author
aElenaRodreguez author
aJoseSamos author
aKareemSaad author
aManolisM.Tsangaris author
aYifengZheng author
aAlexanderC.Berg author
aMargoI.Seltzer author
aDarioMaio author
aBarbaraPes author
vCOOPER conf
aStefanTrausan-Matu author
aDariuszGerka author
vAEWSE conf
aJuanCarlosPreciado author
aJesusTorresValderrama author
aKlausIrmscher author
aLucaGrieco author
aA.Zellou author
aMarkE.Segal author
aMichaelHalper author
vDataBaseDesignTechniquesI conf
aKuangChen author
aYasuhiroYamada author
aThomasLee author
aAnne-MarieO'Neill author
aMettinaVeenstra author
aWalterKintsch author
aErichGams author
aAvitalArora author
aTimothyMiles-Board author
aYangSun author
aTuveLefstrem author
aHaoTu author
aHiroyukiNarihisa author
aK.G.Srinivasa author
aZhimingDing author
aTakashiNakayama author
aThomasA.Meck author
aJosefKeng author
aLeeWang author
aRuteFrias author
aMingfangWu author
aAriPirkola author
aFengYan author
aJong-TaePark author
aChristianWinkler author
aIoannaLamprou author
aBasukiSoetarman author
aBrunoRoustant author
aThomasG.Price author
aMartinGerlach author
aJohnS.Keen author
aPadmashreeKrishna author
aSanjayAgrawal author
aShariqRizvi author
aMaximeWack author
aStratosIdreos author
aXiaojianZhao author
aShobhitMathur author
aRafaelAlonso author
aYoshihumiOhzawa author
aPeterZabback author
aJergSchultz author
aPeterTselios author
aBruceKnuteson author
aPetrHejek author
aEvgueniN.Smirnov author
aSharonF.Lymer author
aGregorHohpe author
aR.Buhr author
aPeterBachmann author
aHannaKozankiewicz author
aSusannePedersen author
aKarlDias author
aEvangelosEleftheriou author
aGhassanal-Qaimari author
aMarianoCilia author
vEnterprise-wideandCross-enterpriseWorkflowManagement conf
aN.Weiler author
vPictorialInformationSystems conf
aMarcoCadoli author
aCharlesR.Dyer author
aHannahBlau author
aGlennFung author
aBartGoethals author
aMian-YunChen author
aZhiJin author
aCaetanoTrainaJr. author
aFredericMulatero author
aHenkdeSwaanArons author
aPintsangChang author
vPARBASE conf
aDougDeGroot author
aAlanL.Tharp author
aLuanneM.Burns author
aKunihikoMoriya author
aWolfgangSalzmann author
aHowardM.Taylor author
aJianLin author
aChristianPlaunt author
aJohnM.Gleason author
aGeorgeKarabatis author
aJirunDong author
aLeonidasFegaras author
aJonathanRobie author
aYinghuiYang author
aBernhardRumpe author
aKyoung-IlBae author
aMarcelAlbers author
aCarlosIvenCheseevar author
aSivaRavada author
aWolf-FritzRiekert author
aNicolaFanizzi author
aNicolasNicoloyannis author
aElzbietaWyrzykowska author
aSzymonWilk author
aJingSun author
aAlexeiTretiakov author
aHaiH.Wang author
aZhenyueZhang author
aMan-YeeChin author
aVictorO.K.Li author
aHans-UlrichHeiss author
aGeertJanBex author
aHassinaBounif author
aRandeepBhatia author
aMaartenSchuerhoff author
aMalekBounab author
aToshihiroNemoto author
aVassilisKopanas author
aIstvenVajk author
aJiriKulhanek author
aRenatoFerreira author
aWayneSchroeder author
aP.C.Hariharan author
aRobertHill author
aTae-ukChoi author
aJulietZ.Pao author
aAlexanderMoibenko author
aEllenSalmon author
aMartySaletta author
aKevinCurtis author
aTerryS.Duncan author
aArcotRajasekar author
aAlanSussman author
aSeokkyungChung author
aRenatoBueno author
aKostasPatroumpas author
vSTDBM conf
aRafalMalczok author
aEnricoMussi author
aD.Sacchi author
aRonenFeldman author
aRuomingJin author
aDongilShin author
aSiuCheungHui author
aZakariaMaamar author
aLiemingHuang author
aVictorMuntes-Mulero author
aFrankPollmann author
aMarkusKeidl author
aJ.Gunther author
aV.A.Kositov author
aD.Tyron author
aYoonkyongLee author
aHaiZhuge author
aC.V.Ramamoorthy author
aFredBrown author
aDikLunLee author
aChongK.Liew author
aJohnGrant author
aMin-SooKim0002 author
aMikhailJ.Atallah author
aMosheShadmon author
aSamuelT.Chanson author
aPeterHitchcock author
aKrishnamoorthySrikumar author
aIsmailKhalilIbrahim author
aHyun-JuPark author
aRalfGeurts author
aWilliamB.Frakes author
aAyaSoffer author
aMartinNussbaumer author
aBerthierA.Ribeiro-Neto author
aFrankNack author
aFlorianRosenberg author
aAlexandreAlves author
aJohnKeeney author
aPatrickEugster author
aDanielGrazioli author
aDougLundquist author
aYu-EnLu author
aXiaoxiangLeng author
aEwaCallahan author
aStuartA.Sutton author
aEricSchulman author
aMarieWise author
aThedN.vanLeeuwen author
aJaewookOh author
aYunhePan author
aJyh-JongTsay author
aSandraH.Rouse author
aPranasZunde author
aAnnBlandford author
aFernandaB.Viegas author
aEladYom-Tov author
aJohannesPeltola author
aKieranMcDonald author
aSadaokiFurui author
aJieLu author
vWorkshoponPeer-to-PeerInformationRetrieval conf
aJ.G.L.vanderWees author
aJan-HardyKusch author
aArneHarren author
aDianeJ.Cook author
aJulieA.Dickerson author
aJunYan author
aNisheethShrivastava author
aMikkelThorup author
aDeanE.Hall author
aChunZhang author
aDavidButtler author
aFaridAlavian author
aAdrienneMuir author
aTobiasGerke author
aBinLing author
aDanielSerrano author
aRemkoHelms author
aPaolaSpoletini author
aJunXu author
aXuanhuiWang author
aGerhardLustig author
aYehoshuaPerl author
aK.V.Nori author
aSangPark author
aRuilianZhao author
aJosedelCampo-evila author
aAristogiannisGarbis author
aHongChen author
aJianrongHou author
aTravisEmmitt author
aRodgerJ.McNab author
aAbhayHarpale author
aAdrianoArantesPaterlini author
aGiorgioVonella author
aAnnalisaAppice author
aKennethR.Anderson author
aGangChen author
aSmritiSinha author
aTaesoonPark author
aWarwickJ.Graco author
aWilliamJockheck author
aZhigangLi author
aDavidK.Hsiao author
aEricMackie author
aTetsujiSatoh author
aY.K.Ahn author
aQingQian author
aRalphBobrik author
aYu-MingChang author
aYeong-ChyiLee author
aChrisH.Q.Ding author
aNikoVuokko author
aAleksandarLazarevic author
aKhashayarRohanimanesh author
aPegHowland author
aMichailVlachos author
aMathewWeaver author
aJanisL.Gogan author
aJohnLeonard author
aOliviaR.LiuSheng author
aKateEhrlich author
aZhengliZhai author
aDing-ZhuDu author
aYanhongZhai author
aMeliseM.VeigadePaula author
aFabioJunTakadaChino author
aEdwinShin author
aKennethNeilFarrall author
aTomDobrowolski author
aV.Balasubramanian author
aGeorgeV.Meghabghab author
aJohnR.Smith author
aYoshuaBengio author
aDavideCastroReis author
aMohamedG.Gouda author
aHaroldW.Thimbleby author
aDavidFeldman author
aEddieC.Shek author
aGaoCong author
aPanosKalnis author
aNicolaBertoldi author
aMariaSimi author
aMichaelC.Mulder author
aRobertEngels author
aYahiaRabih author
aCostasPetrou author
aJ.Lepez author
aPaulBeynon-Davies author
aKentL.Norman author
aRaymondLee author
aLeonardGallagher author
aGeorgGottlob author
aJutaiZhou author
aGerhardViehstaedt author
aPanagiotisPolydoros author
aAvinashSahay author
aMariaVirvou author
aYanfangYe author
aGeertWets author
aBoiFaltings author
aBlancaFernandez author
aDavoodRafiei author
aWei-GuangTeng author
aJen-YaoChung author
aToshihikoMori author
aM.Beck author
aWanYeungWong author
aMarekHatala author
aGillesVenturini author
aRebeccaN.Wright author
aPrabhuRam author
aFrancescaCesarini author
aPaolaVelardi author
aArndLewe author
aNorbertSedkamp author
aSarvjeetSingh author
aAnandMeka author
aSergioGemez-Villamor author
aKhanhVu author
aWilliamG.Roth author
aPrakashLinga author
aJustinMoore author
aSandroBottarelli author
aFeiWang author
aSvenHelmer author
aMarioTokoro author
aSudiptoGuha author
aMariaL.Barja author
aHolgerMeller author
aDolorsCostal author
aRongZheng author
aHongyuZhang author
aPaulM.Bober author
aPaoloBottoni author
aJayneCurson author
aManolisGergatsoulis author
aMasatoshiArikawa author
aSu-KiPaik author
aVincentNg author
aChuan-HengAng author
aLeopoldoE.Bertossi author
aFranckLebastard author
aStefanDecker author
aLuLiu author
aSpyrosLalis author
aTakahiroKawamura author
aGeraldChao author
aMarkBaker author
aMaryF.Fernendez author
aO.Kim author
aOliverFritzen author
aAnastasiaAnalyti author
aManfredReichert author
aWinfriedAppl author
aSergioE.R.deCarvalho author
aJimMitchell author
aNanC.Shu author
aDavidM.Weiss author
aZ.Erlich author
aRichardB.Kieburtz author
aDouglasT.Ross author
aA.NicoHabermann author
aAnargyrosKrikelis author
aJeanBacon author
aMuhammadAkbar author
aHirokiIshizuka author
aKarenChurch author
aKyong-IKu author
aMichelPrevel author
aKeSheng author
aK.Pranaw author
aNorihideShinagawa author
aChitaR.Das author
aYuh-JzerJoung author
aRogerS.Barga author
aJaewooKang author
aVasiliyMalakhov author
aRainerUnland author
aStefanKurtz author
aMiladShokouhi author
aJinZhang author
aSheilaG.Winett author
aZhengMin author
aHaroldWooster author
aMicheelScully author
aSteveRenals author
aKazuhiroSeki author
aTiejunHuang author
aXueLiu author
aZavisaBjelogrlic author
aMarcNajork author
aToshiyukiAsahi author
aMartinPfeifle author
aLeonardMcMillan author
aSaktiP.Ghosh author
aBingshengHe author
aJohnCieslewicz author
aDawnN.Jutla author
aRichardFikes author
aP.Anandan author
aFabiolaS.F.Pereira author
aGangLuo author
aStephanieWilson author
aR.Maelbrancke author
aAlbertod'Onofrio author
aStefanConrad author
aMarkusStressler author
vEFDBS conf
aYajieZhu author
aFransCoenen author
aRonLoui author
aJingHe author
aSeongdaeSong author
aWeibinZhu author
aKeitiHasida author
aJaiMenon author
aAdrianoDiPasquale author
aRogerWattenhofer author
aAnnieW.Shum author
aYuQian author
aJinsooPark author
aYanZhengWei author
aBi-RuDai author
aKevinY.Yip author
aNataliaJuristoJuzgado author
aFredricC.Gey author
aJoaquenAdiego author
aSebastianMariusKirsch author
aDeeDeeDavenport author
aMagnusSahlgren author
aMariaTeresaMarten-Valdivia author
aYiLi author
aAmundTveit author
aDanaZhang author
aValterCrescenzi author
aAteretAnaby-Tavor author
aJayendraVenkateswaran author
aMansoorAnsari author
aJosefBurger author
aLarsArge author
aAnjaTheobald author
aFelixNaumann author
aWeeTeckNg author
aJensClaueen author
aGermanShegalov author
aFernandoBellas author
aLuisFernandoOrleans author
aD.Terpou author
aNikolajS.Nikitchenko author
aMeriaBielikove author
aMassimoSantini author
aLiXiao author
aCarlosG.Figuerola author
aDavidNadeau author
aHeikkiKeskustalo author
aThomasR.Ioerger author
aFabrizioSebastiani author
aGloriaE.Phillips-Wren author
aWen-ChiehYang author
aWilliamW.Hsu author
aWei-TaChen author
aVincentC.S.Lee author
aJackS.EddyTan author
aHelderCoelho author
aErwinPetry author
aEikeSchallehn author
aEdwardL.Robertson author
aNogaAlon author
aWitoldLipskiJr. author
aEuthimiosPanagos author
aCarlosGuestrin author
aBanuezden author
aAnthonyKosky author
aZhoujunLi author
aQianLiu author
aCorneliusHojatkashani author
aJaneXu author
aS.S.Ravi author
aVenkateswarluKolluri author
aGregoryPiatetsky-Shapiro author
aRobertM.Arlein author
aAnthonyK.H.Tung author
aJingShan author
vBIRTE conf
aHuiLiao author
aJonghunPark author
aLingChen author
aNickBassiliades author
aDimosthenisAnagnostopoulos author
aParthasarathyRanganathan author
aYunfaHu author
aYuanWang author
aMeikelPess author
aStephaneDemphlous author
aHelenaKetoja author
aLesGasser author
aFrankBlock author
aDavidScottWarren author
aMohammadEl-Hajj author
aJoseBorges author
aNikoBeerenwinkel author
aHans-PeterBuscher author
aOliverScheuer author
aKevinZhou author
aJohannesFernkranz author
aChristinaS.Fertig author
aGemmaC.Garriga author
aChristopherD.Carothers author
aAnttiUkkonen author
aHenryG.Goldberg author
aGianFulgoni author
aTieWang author
aMukundNarasimhan author
aMichaelRabinovich author
aDongwookShin author
aPeterI.Cowling author
aShu-HengChen author
aKaiYu author
aDinaDemner-Fushman author
aCarolFayLandry author
aMarcelWorring author
aBrajeshGoyal author
vNFe conf
aYingweiCui author
aTaoxinPeng author
aEttoreSaltarelli author
aFranckFourel author
aGeraldEhmayer author
aPhilippeRamadour author
aJ.Wei author
aCetinOzkan author
aMichaelM.David author
aAkhilKumar author
aAlexanderBehm0002 author
aC.J.Date author
aJeroenHoppenbrouwers author
aZhenZhang author
aAnisoaraNica author
aDavidRothenberger author
aIrinaRozenbaum author
aBobHorst author
aThomasKreifelts author
aYigalHoffner author
aChristopherQuick author
aLawrenceD.Bergman author
aArletteFerrier author
aGangqiangXia author
aYairWand author
aFlevioOquendo author
aThomasHoffmann author
aRemmertRemmertsdeVries author
aGeranGoldkuhl author
aMingjieZhu author
aXueqiaoHou author
aKuo-MingChao author
aChenWang author
aGeromeMiklau author
aTobiasKraft author
aMuhammadF.Khan author
aR.Welge author
aPeterDolog author
aYousefJ.Al-Houmaily author
aNicolasTravers author
aJuhnyoungLee author
aYannViemont author
aXueminLin author
aOmerZaafrany author
aBinxingFang author
aChandraKambhamettu author
aHongyuanZha author
aChotirat(Ann)Ratanamahatana author
aEliseoP.VergaraGonzelez author
aCorinnaCortes author
aDharmendraS.Modha author
vLarge-ScaleParallelDataMining conf
aShu-ChingChen author
aMikhailR.Kogalovsky author
aMohamedAliBenHassine author
aOliverHaase author
aT.V.Prabhakar author
aBlakePatterson author
aRainerManthey author
aE.V.Pak author
aMarekLehmann author
aMaurizioMasotti author
aWeiBoonGoh author
aLawrenceJ.Mazlack author
aJianhuiChen author
aRobertH.Sloan author
aBarbaraLiskov author
aFrederickKorz author
aAlecWolman author
aSanjayGhemawat author
aSuryaB.Yadav author
aHans-JergKreowski author
aKenjiImasaki author
aFadilaBentayeb author
aG.M.Stacey author
aChing-ShanPeng author
aJanetJ.Prichard author
aLingyuWang author
aSushilJajodia author
aKeithvanRijsbergen author
aOferBergman author
aVivianCothey author
aLaiKuenHo author
aNoelBryson author
aFarizaTahi author
aChin-ChenChang author
aKyung-SoonLee author
aClaudiaNiederee author
aLaurensvanderWerff author
aTangEnyaKong author
aBirenShah author
aAlainAzagury author
aToveFaberFrandsen author
aGeorgeS.Davidson author
vVisualInterfacestoDigitalLibraries conf
aNaveenReddy author
aJingrenZhou author
aHiroshiMamitsuka author
aemitY.Ogras author
aZbigniewKalbarczyk author
aCheikhTalibouyaDiop author
aPhilippeRichard author
aKarinHegstedt author
aPaulPhilbrow author
aThomasBehr author
aNigelJ.Duffy author
aXinwenZhang author
aTaniaIslam author
aPrahaladRagothaman author
aQuanzhongLi author
aChristineA.Montgomery author
aTaoLin author
aGenshiroKitagawa author
aAleksandarPeckov author
aYueChen author
aIsisTruck author
aBoonTohLow author
aAbdullahN.Arslan author
aAndreaEsuli author
aDanielCunliffe author
aMarcosR.S.Borges author
vSPIRE/CRIWG conf
aRicardoChoren author
aDavidA.Fuller author
aNicolaZannone author
aRaviS.Sandhu author
aChurn-JungLiau author
aYecelKarabulut author
aYosefShatsky author
aAlainBouju author
aWen-PingLin author
aJong-HoonOh author
aChee-SingYap author
aJun-IchiAoe author
aNikosSarkas author
aAtsushiOhori author
aAniThakar author
aYizhongWu author
aQinmingHe author
aShyan-MingYuan author
aJasonFlannick author
aPhilipM.Lewis author
aAngelaNicoara author
aPieterDemmers author
aMichaelGruber author
aAnandiHerlekar author
aBinCao author
aXabierArregi author
aSelimaBesbesEssanaa author
aMehryarMohri author
aChangjiaChen author
aWeibinGuo author
aQiLiangZhu author
vPinKDD conf
aBarbaraPoblete author
aLeeannBent author
aJamesE.Pitkow author
aMichaelBoyles author
aSiuNamChuang author
aFengWang author
aC.Morin author
aDaphneKoller author
aGlebTschapek author
aRameshC.Agarwal author
aSunilK.Sarin author
aA.PrasadSistla author
aJergenSeib author
aDavidGoldhirsch author
aStefanDeeloch author
aMichaelDrawin author
aHermannBense author
aKevinShaw author
aH.M.Gladney author
aCherifKeramane author
aRenateMeyer author
aD.Garling author
aDominikHeckmann author
aLawrenceJ.Henschen author
aNing-HanLiu author
aGeumJiCha author
aMathiasEkstedt author
aWernerEsswein author
aEricAndonoff author
aFabianoDalpiaz author
aMokraneBouzeghoub author
aYoelleS.Maarek author
aF.Lambay author
aAlessandroD'Atri author
aBrianMeckler author
aFereidoonSadri author
aNicoletaPreda author
aNickGolovin author
aConcepcienPerezdeCelis author
aPascalDechamboux author
aYannDupont author
aAijaPalomeki author
aTetsuyaSakai author
aWeeSunLee author
aDeepaParanjpe author
aWeiChu author
aNicholasLester author
aRodneyW.Topor author
aShaGuo author
aAlbertCroker author
aIvoMajetic author
aRakeshK.Sinha author
aHemalKhatri author
aKekiB.Irani author
aFilipHendrickx author
aChi-HuangChiu author
aJohnA.Tomlin author
aChanjungPark author
aT.C.Ting author
aGail-JoonAhn author
aSimoneFeriti author
aJonathanD.Moffett author
aUrsHengartner author
aTomonoriTakada author
aEijiOkubo author
aShumianHe author
aBirgittaKenig-Ries author
vDatabaseMechanismsforMobileApplications conf
aAngelikaI.Kokkinaki author
aChristianZirkelbach author
aJoachimThomas author
aRogerH.L.Chiang author
aC.P.Wang author
aPu-JenCheng author
aKoichiTakeda author
aJuggapongNatwichai author
aWeiningZhang author
aJ.LeonZhao author
aKamranParsaye author
aRichardP.King author
aTaoufikBenAbdellatif author
aWalterD.Potter author
aChaeHoonBan author
aWendyWalasek author
aJanetAisbett author
aJoseR.Parame author
aYiu-KaiNg author
aJinpengHuai author
aValterR.InacioJr. author
aMunmunDeChoudhury author
aJamesGoulding author
aCurtisEubanks author
aSamhaaR.El-Beltagy author
aCatherineC.Marshall author
aWilliamH.Mischo author
aWenboZong author
aTamaraMcMahon author
aJeffreyPomerantz author
aLydiaEatoHarris author
aHarryHochheiser author
aMariaGraziaFugini author
aAlexanderWeber author
aPatrickReuther author
aMyriamDartois author
aSeonhoKim author
aPeifuXia author
aChunxiaoXing author
aEenjunHwang author
aStephanStrodl author
aHarveyR.Brenneise author
aRong-ChangChen author
aShu-ShingLee author
aKiChan author
aYiJiang author
aD.N.F.AwangIskandar author
aJohnA.Major author
aVassiliosPetridis author
aAndresCoratella author
aAllenS.Parrish author
aJing-XinWang author
aHungLeXuan author
aDianweiHan author
aWilfriedLemahieu author
aSteveLawrence author
aDipankarDasgupta author
aJacekP.Kukluk author
aSergejZerr author
aThorstenHartmann author
aWasimSadiq author
aPatrickGallinari author
aPaoloAvesani author
aThorstenBrants author
aPavelPecina author
aXufaWang author
aRobertPasley author
aRaijaLehtokangas author
aNicolasUsunier author
aCanTerker author
aNigelDavies author
aDenisChalon author
aIkoPramudiono author
aBartekKiepuszewski author
vWorkshoponProgrammingwithLogicDatabases(Book),ILPS conf
aChristopherWood author
aAlexandreLefebvre author
aKlausLandwehr author
aJ.Renschler author
aRolandRehle author
aBerndSutter author
aMartinKempa author
aKatsujiBessho author
aMateuszPietrzyk author
aAndyHayes author
aLucaMegale author
aConstantineMantratzis author
aGeneGolovchinsky author
aTravisBauer author
aFidelCacheda author
aSusanneOrnager author
aCarlosCastillo author
aYnzevanHouten author
aYijunLu author
aXiaochenWu author
aLeonardD.Shapiro author
aXiaoleiQian author
aBinhPham author
aDebbieRichards author
aEdiWinarko author
aTapioNiemi author
aPhilippAmann author
aMarcoDeMaggio author
aDamienBright author
aMarkoNiinimeki author
aClaudiaRoncancio author
vICDCSWorkshopofKnowledgeDiscoveryandDataMiningintheWorld-WideWeb conf
aYvesBastide author
aRayidGhani author
vWebMine conf
aMarkoKrema author
aYanLiu author
aNigelEllis author
aAlexanderThomasian author
aMichelScholl author
aJanOrtmann author
aPaulE.S.Dunne author
aTiborVamos author
aI.JandenHartog author
aNeriaCastell author
aFrankSarre author
aCarlosPerieen-Pascual author
aWalterAllasia author
aHiroyukiKitagawa author
aNobuakiKawato author
aTommyKhoerniawan author
aPatricioMartenez-Barco author
aKalinaBontcheva author
aPushpakBhattacharyya author
aOdilePiton author
aYiHu author
aHolgerSteinhaus author
aHansjergHuser author
aPetrKolencik author
aScottM.Staley author
aMasaoMukaidono author
aT.Konstantinou author
aAndrzejJodlowski author
aMarioJeckle author
aQianhuiLiang author
aKaarthikSivashanmugam author
aJ.Dorn author
aDejanS.Milojicic author
aDirkHusemann author
aMireilleDucasse author
aBenShneiderman author
aIanJ.Cottingham author
aLucianoA.Digiampietri author
aDouglasD.Brown author
aAlbertD'Andrea author
aThanaaM.Ghanem author
aAntonioPenta author
aNoriyukiKamibayashi author
aLucLamontagne author
aBrianGrom author
aPradeepB.Teregowda author
aJonDell'Oro author
aAnthonyV.Ma author
aJean-MarcPetit author
aOlivierTeste author
aChristopheMuller author
aMartinRomacker author
aRaulMedina-Mora author
aMichaelD.Morse author
aThomasB.SteelJr. author
aBrianVickery author
aJoannJ.Ordille author
aEelcoHerder author
aConnyFranke author
aJi-RongWen author
aD.Simic author
aSandroRafaeli author
aTommasoDiNoia author
aChuangWang author
aVeraDemalde author
aPrasannaKumarDesikan author
aYun-FangJuan author
aEllaBingham author
aNicholasE.Taylor author
aChuliangWeng author
aTaoLiu author
aZhiyongPeng author
aTimSheard author
aW.Hell author
aFabioCasati author
aTedJ.Biggerstaff author
aTimothyRoscoe author
aJohnN.Wilson author
aXiulanYu author
aYannisSismanis author
aJongSooPark author
aBudiYuwono author
aT.Niranjan author
aWenyuanGuo author
aJiannengCao author
aMarioA.Lopez author
aAlGeist author
vWorkshoponDeductiveDatabases conf
aDavidB.Kemp author
aFrankOlken author
aSeymourGinsburg author
aMarkF.Hornick author
aP.Angeletti author
aCaltonPu author
aMarcoBenini author
aChewLimTan author
aYiqunLiu author
aToniCarbo author
aQuincyTse author
aJixueLiu author
aJeongHeeHwang author
aYen-LiangChen author
aYutakaSasaki author
aPaulW.P.J.Grefen author
aHaihongDai author
aDagJohansen author
aJian-HuaYeh author
aIngeborgSelvberg author
aYouhuaChen author
aMariemmaInmaculadaYageedelValle author
aC.DelVigna author
aJeanVanderdonckt author
aPhilipD.Gray author
aZhiyongHuang author
aGaryHoo author
aPriyaShivakumar author
aSteveJohns author
aRoyWilliams author
aIanT.Foster author
aPaoloTraverso author
aF.Sgarbi author
aSongmeiYu author
aVasantHonavar author
aSeanW.M.Siqueira author
vPGLDB conf
aIvanLuizMarquesRicarte author
aAnaLeciaRossiMendonea author
aDeborahKashy author
aWilliamF.Punch author
aF.Bukhari author
aKazuhikoKato author
aStefanWallin author
aM.Slae author
aFernandoC.N.Pereira author
aIoannisAekaterinidis author
aJianliangXu author
aHirotakaSakai author
aAliShiri author
aTemenushkaIgnatova author
aSaraValenti author
aBinZhou author
aLiLi author
aJoseLuisBorbinha author
aAdrianK.H.Heok author
aJung-HyunLee author
aThomasFlynn author
aOlatzAnsa author
aKaoruHirota author
aAviRushinek author
aW.M.Duff author
vWorkshoponDeductiveDatabasesandLogicProgramming conf
aT.H.Merrett author
aCarstenAndreasGerlhof author
aSanjeevSetia author
aEithanEphrati author
aMichaelSouillard author
aDirceuCavendish author
aOliverDunemann author
aPerH.Westby author
aDimkaKarastoyanova author
aPeterGreen author
aEvelinaLamma author
aJergenMoormann author
aYi-AnChen author
aJiGao author
aHye-ChungKum author
aBienvenidoVelez author
aLourdesRubio author
aC.A.Johnson author
aSoumitraDutta author
aAminVahdat author
aChangwenYang author
aMichaelHess author
aStephanieTeufel author
aMarkMorris author
aMassimilianoAlbanese author
aPavelBraslavski author
aGaryWilliamFlake author
aJasonV.Davis author
aStephenD.Bay author
aRolfSchimpfky author
aKristianKersting author
aZoranObradovic author
aStanleyLoh author
aJiun-LongHuang author
aKnutStolze author
aMarkoKrause author
aAxelPerkhoff author
aMuhammadYounas author
aShunHattori author
aHideharuSuzuki author
aMisakoUrakami author
aBegoeaBonet author
aHalaNaja author
aElviraMariaAntunesUchea author
aCarl-ChristianKanne author
aToddEavis author
aMirandaChan author
aSuekyungLee author
aGerdWagner author
aStefJoosten author
aSuk-HoKang author
aS.-W.Lee author
aKjetilNerveg author
aGordonV.Cormack author
aAnneN.DeRoeck author
aYitzhakBirk author
aWaldemarWieczerzycki author
aJigneshRambhia author
aKarineZeitouni author
aGilbertoCemara author
aSamuilAngelov author
aRyanThompson author
aJacobSlonim author
aElvisM.Vieira author
aAnandSubramanian author
aThomasR.Dean author
aEshratArjomandi author
aG.N.Paulley author
aRodneyP.Zimmerman author
aShaorongLiu author
aXiaoMa author
aHongboXie author
aMattCoatney author
aAkihiroInokuchi author
aKshirasagarNaik author
aYongQin author
aOscarDeaz author
aBillO'Farrell author
aTheodorosTzouramanis author
aShawnR.Jeffery author
aJamesW.Cooper author
aFangSheng author
aYeeFanTan author
aSrikantaJ.Bedathur author
aMattiNykenen author
aRobertB.Doorenbos author
aParkeGodfrey author
aDonghuiZhang author
aAndrewArnt author
aYonatanAumann author
aKatsumiKanasaki author
aNozomiNakakawaji author
aXiZhang author
aLeiChen0002 author
aHetalThakkar author
aTatsuoMinohara author
aK.Jim author
aPatCase author
aTaosongHe author
aYeZhou author
aQingGuo author
aPietroMazzoleni author
aPaulKomarek author
aRuizhangHuang author
aMichaelDoherty author
aMauricevanKeulen author
aGillianDobbie author
aChristineVanoirbeek author
aPhilippeDumas author
aElzbietaMalinowski author
aEoinMacAoidh author
aLutzPlemer author
aMichelSimonet author
aAwaisRashid author
aDaoDinhKha author
aMarcelKarnstedt author
aOlivierJautzy author
aMohammadAshrafuzzaman author
aHitomiOhkawa author
aRobR.Weitz author
aSreangsuAcharyya author
aBalaramanRavindran author
aEui-HongHan author
aKrishnamoorthySivakumar author
aYeHuang author
aJamilSaquer author
aXiaopengXi author
aChitraDorai author
aShengliWu author
aMikhailV.Simkin author
aRobertaBrody author
aDavidC.Blair author
aNicholasHenry author
aMatthewJ.Liberatore author
aJitenderS.Deogun author
aDanielVeit author
aBorisVrdoljak author
aNicolasS.Meller author
aHansSchuster author
aRaymundCarrick author
vRelationalDatabasesandtheirExtensions conf
aNicolaiPreie author
aClausKaldeich author
aMarcelHiel author
aAlexandraGalatescu author
aAnnePersson author
aKaiWistrand author
aRobertoFiutem author
aPauldeVrieze author
aJohnYearwood author
aJuanCao author
aYutakaI.Leon-Suematsu author
aAlexeiPyalling author
aChengYang author
aEdmundFreeman author
aHuiFang author
aI.V.Ramakrishnan author
aDavidF.Huynh author
aKentaroTorisawa author
aFernandoLyardet author
aTerjeBrasethvik author
aYujiOie author
aKarenScarfone author
aDirkStroobandt author
aJianboLi author
aFuyongYuan author
aHaraldBina author
aArunHampapur author
aMichaelG.Walker author
aFrankGermanoJr. author
aFotisG.Kazasis author
aIlujuKiringa author
aHaraldHuber author
aArnaudSimon author
aCaroleA.Goble author
aShenHuang author
aVeniaMariaPonteVidal author
aKarlaA.V.Borges author
aMiltonHirokazuShimabukuro author
aGuillermoNudelmanHess author
aRuyLuizMilidie author
aClaireK.Schultz author
aLeslieChampeny author
aSunghoRyu author
aYuuChiba author
aBoPeng author
aMansooPark author
aAyuPurwarianti author
aMasakiMurata author
aP.Narasetsathaporn author
aBernardoMagnini author
aAntonioFerrendez author
aNicolaOrio author
aXiaonanLu author
aFaisalAhmad author
aEdnaReid author
aJasonMcHugh author
aJunYang author
aJieShao author
aS.Voigt author
aCesarS.deOliveira author
aEvelinGiulianaLima author
aMariaCamilaNardiniBarioni author
aBhushanMandhani author
aPascaleMinet author
aIvyKuo author
aIrmaBecerra-Fernandez author
aPatriciaKearney author
aYoungU.Ryu author
aWalterH.Kohler author
aGuyPujolle author
aSakirYucel author
aJean-PierreGiraudin author
aPeterMuhlberger author
aMoradAhmad author
aDongsooHan author
aUriShaft author
aLeventV.Orman author
aAdrianWalker author
aDavidBeech author
aJianfengDu author
aSatishM.Thatte author
aSonDao author
aJeeheeYoon author
aRusongWang author
aVikramPudi author
aMihaGrcar author
aMikhailV.Kiselev author
aMarioBoley author
aDushanZ.Badal author
aW.S.Luk author
aJamieCallan author
aAlvaroBarreiro author
aNieYu author
aYuchulJung author
aKouichiSakurai author
aOlivierRidoux author
aJohnMcAuley author
aBuhyunHwang author
aChrisSadler author
aReuvenYagel author
aMichaelOlson author
aKarineV.Magalhees author
aHagerKammoun author
vMDM/KDD conf
aKyoung-MiLee author
aDavidDowling author
aJohnRichardson author
aJohnA.Waterworth author
aMichaelD.Slater author
aMariosC.Angelides author
aWeifaLiang author
aRogerImpey author
aSandraJeanSachaChua author
aStephenHayne author
aDavidRosenbluth author
aChun-HungWen author
aStratisViglas author
aLiChen author
aSachaBerger author
aRafikTaouil author
aDanieleBorghesani author
aIngolfGeist author
vFMLDO-SelectedPapers conf
aAlistairN.Dunlop author
aSongtingChen author
aChrisPound author
aCzeslawDanilowicz author
aJamshidBeheshti author
aRichardJ.Edens author
aNorbertSensen author
aAnnaBremmer author
aSantanuPaul author
aJeffreyJ.P.Tsai author
aClaudiaLeen author
aMohamedEltoweissy author
aGrantIngersoll author
aWen-LinLiu author
aTsung-HanTsai author
aManaNakano author
aHaruoYokota author
aRobertoCelle author
aMarkH.Nodine author
aMohebR.Girgis author
aSaktiPramanik author
aYiMu author
aSunilSamtani author
aFabricePeyrard author
aHae-YoungBae author
aHongjieSun author
aYiyuZhao author
aZhiyongLiu author
aChenyongHu author
aChien-SingLee author
aYuanyuanZhang author
aPaulCompton author
aGenHattori author
aWeiChen author
aJeremyPickens author
aB.Geubelle author
aMagaliSeguran author
aDannyZ.Chen author
aMarkusHegland author
aHiroshiNakagawa author
aMaheshViswanathan author
aJoostGeurts author
aHemaA.Murthy author
aJariceHanson author
aThomasY.Lee author
aSungwonJung author
aSujeetShenoi author
aRodrigoChandia author
aD.Thomas author
aAnteniaLopes author
aYuzuruTanaka author
aRobertMarek author
aMariusTheriault author
aOlliMustajervi author
aMariaWimmer author
aRitaCucchiara author
aR.Vogl author
aSandraPayette author
aRekhaKengeri author
aNarayananVijaykrishnan author
aNathanGoodman author
vXP2WorkshoponRelationalDatabaseTheory conf
aPerSvensson author
aFerryIrawanTantono author
aShanzhongZhu author
aV.K.Raman author
aSeungJinLim author
aJaneW.-S.Liu author
aRobertR.Snapp author
aHansChalupsky author
aAtsukoYamaguchi author
aWon-JoonNam author
aNancyWiegand author
aKimberlyStoltzfus author
aDavidHoward author
aMichaelT.Frame author
aChuckViolette author
aJosephN.Cappella author
aNoshirS.Contractor author
aKaranbirJassar author
aJamesP.Zappen author
aThomasO'Brien author
aCharlesHeenan author
aA.Bouguettata author
aLeoEgghe author
aHuseyinCagdasOcalan author
aMakotoKoyama author
aGeraldCandela author
aUtpalGarain author
aZhihongLu author
aAllanShepherd author
aVivianeCrestana-Jensen author
aHung-MingChen author
aLeonidChurilov author
aRonHutchison author
aAlanaPlatt author
aDanielDajunZeng author
aP.Taveras author
aZhaoyangWen author
aThomasW.Rondeau author
aVincentPrice author
aTimothyNyerges author
aCynthiaFarina author
aJonP.Gant author
aVijayVenkataraman author
aMaryMiniuk author
aEthanKatsh author
aStephanWinter author
aAviArampatzis author
aMichaelLey author
aStephenBlott author
aFabriceCamous author
vIIiX conf
aGiselaM.vonDran author
aRobertA.Greenes author
aSandraBraman author
aScottNicholson author
aDavidA.Rajala author
aKazuakiKishida author
aAntonioMoreno-Sandoval author
aZornitsaKozareva author
aToddSmith author
aWolfgangGruber author
aChristineFroidevaux author
aMartinGolebiewski author
aAnthonyJ.Onwuegbuzie author
aFabioSimeoni author
aAnselmSpoerri author
aM.J.Menon author
aShaohuaTan author
aOliverBremer author
aMinoruIto author
aStavrosJ.Perantonis author
aCarlL.Sable author
aWilliamE.Johnston author
aMihalisYannakakis author
aMasamiTakahashi author
aMarcG.Smith author
aCristinaAdelaPopescu author
aNobuhisaUeda author
aYuegaoHu author
aHuanzhaoWang author
aL.Fan author
aAliA.Ghorbani author
aYangjunChen author
aTakahikoIto author
aS.J.Young author
aGeorgesAntoniadis author
aGiovanniPonti author
aFengTian author
aHirokoKinutani author
aDavidHawking author
aA.Kumaran author
aAdamJ.Storm author
aAmarMukherjee author
aRichardBoyd author
aReneHackl author
aEmilioSanchisArnal author
aGeorgeF.Foster author
aFramadhanArnely author
aescarFerrendez author
aJuergenRilling author
aHaikoCyriaks author
aDiegoLara-Reyes author
aRobertWingPongLuk author
aSoo-JunPark author
aLingpengYang author
aBenHe author
aBennoStein author
aDavidVallet author
aEddyMayoraz author
aTomesPavelek author
aNorbertDinstl author
aM.PrabhakarKoushik author
aCameronDonaldson author
aKenjiSatoh author
aHongZhou author
aJonRimmer author
aMariaBrunaBaldacci author
aEdwardChan author
aRicardoJimenez-Peris author
aM.Desreumaux author
aJ.Pietarila author
aVictorM.RuizPenichet author
aGianniAmati author
aFreddyDuitama author
aManfredHauswirth author
aAhmedMetwally author
aSteveA.Chien author
aCorinnaNg author
aNarendraKumarGupta author
aMounaKacimi author
aMingGuo author
aGangLi author
aZhongzhiShi author
aLaurieBuys author
aFangyanRao author
aStefanSchenauer author
aJianjunChen author
aYinghuaMa author
aXiaohuiHuang author
aLeifAzzopardi author
aKazuhikoNiimi author
aGaryA.Kildall author
aStephenC.Gates author
aVincentYanFuTan author
aCynthiaDwork author
aSamToueg author
aChiangLee author
aManuelA.Penaloza author
aSaraCohen author
aHiroyukiKawano author
aKazuoIwama author
aAndreasMyka author
aTakashiHoshino author
aMauriceGross author
aPatrickWilson author
aXavierPolanco author
aCharlesT.Meadow author
aRobertC.Ward author
aP.H.Fang author
aJonathanD.Cohen author
aAristidesGionis author
aNarayananShivakumar author
aJeremyHylton author
aDavidM.Levy author
aBryanCleal author
aHuang-ChengKuo author
aVinayKanitkar author
aKenLutz author
aF.R.Leeo author
aPohsanLai author
aDaweiDing author
aZhuoChen author
aAkiraKumamoto author
aNikosPelekis author
aYanHuang author
aJunHuan author
aRedigerWirth author
aRemiLehn author
aArnoJ.Knobbe author
aE.Mochmann author
aPaulG.Howard author
aEinoshinSuzuki author
aHabibOunelli author
aBerndNeumann author
aStefanoLodi author
aMatthiasRenz author
aLuizM.G.Gonealves author
aJoseP.Queiroz-Neto author
aAdlerC.G.daSilva author
aMarceloMetello author
aNatalHenriqueCordeiro author
aMuriloS.deCamargo author
aLuisMarceloTavaresdeCarvalho author
aJoseR.S.Scolforo author
aMerciaA.S.deAlmeida author
aRicardoCartaxoModestodeSouza author
aGiorgosMountrakis author
aChia-ChenLee author
aChristophBrochhaus author
aVinceLiang author
aWeiyeZhang author
aArjunSingh author
aHaiWang author
aDonaldBaker author
aUlrikeJaeger author
aPhilippeMichiels author
aYapingLi author
aSergejSizov author
aAlbertoApostolico author
aRobertM.Bruckner author
aB.Kouninef author
aAnthonyHughes author
aMeredithRingelMorris author
aMelindaLowy author
aCalvinE.Mackey author
aDominiqueM.Hanssens author
aMichaelMeier author
aAntoineMensch author
aK.C.Nainwal author
aChiyabaNjovu author
aSebastianLink author
aVeraLeciaStrubedeLima author
aRichardL.Jones author
aAbrahamIttycheriah author
aXiangminZhang author
aJohnO'Connor author
aToineBogers author
aRobinR.Sewell author
aRoyS.Farris author
aDouglasA.Wiegmann author
aInaFourie author
aAliceRobbin author
aFrankK.H.A.Dehne author
aRitaC.Summers author
aJian-longTan author
aFalkScholer author
aEladVerbin author
aMakotoOnizuka author
aJoelSieh author
aKeithW.Bedford author
aBenjaminL.Schooley author
aRahulSimha author
aPaulMason author
aJeremyGow author
aMarkWilson author
aKennethD.Bradley author
aChristopherPopfinger author
aGiovanniCordara author
aJanPlatos author
aJohnL.Pfaltz author
aTianyiZang author
aIngoMelzer author
aKerstinSchneider author
aYasushiSakurai author
aWen-GueyTzeng author
aShin-yiWu author
aJingfengYan author
aPatrickMartin author
aHelenR.Tibbo author
aJoannStevens author
aTingGan author
aPeterStoehr author
aJeremeDupire author
aYongFang author
aCarolA.Hert author
aMarkP.Haselkorn author
aGailMcKenzie author
aQuentinL.Burrell author
aStephanKreutzer author
aEdwardD.Lazowska author
aPeterJ.Denning author
aEkowJ.Otoo author
aAlexSim author
aBrigitteTrousse author
aAkiraUmezawa author
aJingWang author
aShaozhiYe author
aSarahZelikovitz author
aChrisA.McMahon author
aDanielP.Lopresti author
aSeng-PhilHong author
aSiewChanWoo author
aFloraDilysSalim author
aGuofuFeng author
aAnnaGoy author
aAnneRozinat author
aWernerRetschitzegger author
aBelenVela author
aYingFeng author
aPaulB.Kantor author
aDu-SeongChang author
aPierreZweigenbaum author
aLisaF.Rau author
aSeungwooLee author
aAndreaPierro author
aBillyG.Claybrook author
aRobertD.Finn author
aPhilippaGardner author
aAntonellaPoggi author
aRogerJohnson author
aSheldonShen author
aHarrisWu author
aPaulF.Marty author
aMichaelL.Begeman author
aPatrickHerring author
aVicenteP.GuerreroBote author
aAndreasStrotmann author
aWeiMa author
aJergenKrause author
aRachidArezki author
aJanStruyf author
aRobGerritsen author
aMukundDeshpande author
aMarvinB.L.Tan author
aKonstantinaStoupa author
aYassineLassoued author
aPierreBerquin author
aEleftheriosKoutsofios author
aHaraldKosch author
aHiroyukiKato author
aJerenimoPadillaAlonso author
aAkiyoshiMatono author
aRonaldAshri author
aJavierLopez author
aAmosDavid author
aD.Haskins author
aAlbertasCaplinskas author
aVincentOria author
aChia-HanLin author
aMuraliMani author
aTingYu author
aE.J.Smith author
aStefanSeltzsam author
aMarie-ChristineRousset author
aVladTanasescu author
aSandraStincic author
aJoeySikChunLam author
aCarlosA.Hurtado author
aChung-MinChen author
aCristianDumitrescu author
aFabioVernacotola author
aS.Rausch-Schott author
aWenJin author
aMosheFresko author
aRaghuMeka author
aRaviChandraJammalamadaka author
aRuggeroG.Pensa author
aZheweiJiang author
aBridgetBeattie author
aKeithK.S.Lee author
aYuniXia author
aYa-HuiChang author
aAnatEyal author
aSvein-OlafHvasshovd author
aG.P.Martin author
aMichaelDavidson author
aShmuelKatz author
aHaofengZhou author
aErnestP.Chan author
aJinYu author
aRalfHerbrich author
aelisaFromont author
aThoreGraepel author
aMichaelPollmann author
aMartinBraschler author
aRobProcter author
aNajeebAbdulmutalib author
aSokratisK.Katsikas author
aPeterRegner author
aWilliamH.Hsu author
aYatinP.Saraiya author
aLingWang author
aMaciejZakrzewicz author
aChongHuang author
aRoelWieringa author
aElisabettaGrazzini author
aHuei-WenWu author
aAharonTubman author
aReinhardKlemm author
aRonLake author
aCharlesConnell author
aNancyD.Griffeth author
aHiroshiShimizu author
aFrederickKnabe author
aIn-YoungKo author
aKurtD.Bollacker author
aJ.G.Malkin author
aIoannisMavridis author
aWolfgangEemayr author
aNicoleAlexander author
aRameshGovindan author
aHansHofman author
aTakashiNagatsuka author
aAleksanderKolcz author
aXinFeng author
aVolkmarHovestadt author
aSadaoKurohashi author
aSangluLu author
vWOWS conf
aMonikaRauchHenzinger author
aJohnBedell author
aTomasFors author
aSamiFaez author
aVivekanandGopalkrishnan author
aAkriviVlachou author
aRobPike author
aPrasanRoy author
aYingXing author
aGangXu author
aRogerZimmermann author
aHaraldHauser author
aYannLepetit author
aWijnandDerks author
aLuesMouraSilva author
aToshioKawashima author
aVirginiaDignum author
aBerndGotsmann author
aRobertoZicari author
aB.F.Anderson author
aMihaiLupu author
aSueM.Brandt author
aJunfengDong author
aKyhyunUm author
aK.M.AzharulHasan author
aAlbertoLovato author
aSzu-HaoHuang author
aKienA.Hua author
aScottT.Leutenegger author
aCeciliaMascolo author
aG.Zuccon author
aDiegoIngaramo author
aStefanoSalsano author
aWeinongWang author
aLi-QingQiu author
aJaimeDelgado author
aFrankMeller author
aElaineG.Toms author
aEdwardN.Zalta author
aNkechiNnadi author
aYimingHu author
aXiangyangXue author
aAlfonsoSalafranca author
aRekiMurakami author
aToramatsuShintani author
aEugenioOliveira author
aAngeloCiaramella author
aGolanYona author
aRenateKania author
aDuncanGillies author
aDaluZhang author
aBarrySmith author
aJanVandenBussche author
aJoeWigglesworth author
aTedJ.Wasserman author
aJianlinFeng author
aLuisMarten author
aJanuszKacprzyk author
aSaifulAkbar author
aJenniferSchiller author
aHenrikEngstrem author
aJean-RobertGruser author
aAnthonyR.Cassandra author
aGiacomoPiccinelli author
aXiaLin author
aAndrewDillon author
aYiHong author
aMu-HsuanHuang author
aLongboZhang author
aAndreiArion author
aKeithE.Williamson author
aHectorJ.Levesque author
aShuiGuangDeng author
aAndreasKurz author
aKonstantinosGeorgatos author
aRolfOppliger author
aIlkerAltintas author
aSharonW.Bowers author
aHudaJ.Khan author
aChrisKnowles author
aKarlAnvik author
aMasakazuImai author
aJonHeggland author
aXiaodiHuang author
aBaogangWei author
aTaroTezuka author
aChan-MinAhn author
aNiLao author
aRosieJones author
vWorkshoponInformationIntegrationontheWeb conf
aPauloBrazGolgher author
aParagSingla author
aChrisMellish author
aDomenicoTalia author
aChinyaV.Ravishankar author
aHuipingCao author
aVinayNadimpally author
aAlexanderS.Yeh author
aDanielVelez author
aTomFawcett author
aJesperFredriksson author
aY.-J.Kim author
aDavidHoldsworth author
aRongShe author
aZhengSun author
aOlviL.Mangasarian author
aYanshengLu author
aDulceB.Ponceleon author
aDanielBrodie author
aAsafAdi author
aThomasOttmann author
aDavidL.Wells author
aD.Cho author
aMichaelCammert author
aPaulMcMahan author
aPerttiAlvarVeyrynen author
aHiroyukeNakajima author
aMikaRautiainen author
aHikomaroSano author
aFerdinandF.Leimkuhler author
aJamesM.Pruett author
aSyedWaheed author
aYi-fangBrookWu author
aNobuoOhbo author
aLars-ekeJohansson author
aR.R.Amin author
aSamuViita author
aSomnathBanerjee author
aJavedA.Aslam author
aLouxinZhang author
aVassilisPlachouras author
aLeeA.Hollaar author
aTimRehl author
aEricHughes author
aAnca-AndreeaIvan author
aMatthiasHeussler author
aLaurieJ.Morrison author
aM.DavidAllen author
aNektariosMoumoutzis author
aDavidJ.Quested author
aKeithBisset author
aJuhaMakkonen author
aMichaelP.Oakes author
aKevinJ.Prey author
aBee-ChungChen author
aIgorV.Cadez author
aJiaweiRong author
aWernerDreyer author
aShipingHuang author
aJerryWinkler author
aStanleyLee author
aJudithS.Rodreguez author
aEricGressier-Soudan author
aMasahiroTamori author
aYoavRaz author
aReinhardSchette author
aM.Burgin author
aHansHermannBreggemann author
aLevA.Tenenbaum author
aShuujiHarashima author
aTatsuyaHayashi author
aJananiJanakiraman author
aJuanTrujillo author
aK.Wahlstrom author
aRamonLawrence author
aPratikMukhopadhyay author
aTikoKameda author
aYoshinariKanamori author
aSudhirAggarwal author
aPierre-AlainLaur author
aHidetoshiTanaka author
aSangwookLee author
aG.Fitzgerald author
aAltafGilani author
aLeighE.Hodge author
aXavierFranch author
aYihuaShi author
aTakahiroMatsumoto author
aShing-ChiCheung author
aRogerWeber author
aJean-CharlesLamirel author
aSvethaVenkatesh author
aYaoCai author
aLornaK.Rees-Potter author
aPaulLefrere author
aRobertKendall author
aKurtMaly author
aTsui-YunChang author
aJin-CheonNa author
aYannisTzitzikas author
aChristophHebel author
aJimKleewein author
aJerryKiernan author
aBartSelman author
aD.Sculley author
aSoonJ.Hyun author
aJun-JangJeng author
aRaghuKrishnapuram author
aMarkTruran author
aBogdanSacaleanu author
aLucianVladLita author
aChi-JenLin author
aIchiroIde author
aMinhwanKim author
aMarkBaillie author
aChrisD.Paice author
aChristopherJ.Fox author
aMartiA.Hearst author
aFatimaPires author
aGesliR.Hjaltason author
aRaySuorsa author
aWouterWeerkamp author
aJodyJ.Daniels author
aYi-ChunChu author
aM.CameronJones author
aDeanB.Krafft author
aCatherinePlaisant author
aDanielC.Zilio author
aHaymHirsh author
aBeibeiLi author
aPascalStokowski author
aKimNguyen author
aFraneoiseMilleret-Raffort author
aJianhuaGong author
aHeinrichC.Mayr author
aRichardS.Rosenberg author
aPradeepKumar author
aAmarGupta author
aCoralCalero author
aYeLiu author
aJiaLi author
aJohnA.McDermid author
aBarbaraCatania author
aFrancoCrivellari author
aTaniaCerquitelli author
aMaurizioPanti author
aGiorgioGianforme author
aGianniCosta author
aAntonellaMecchia author
aManHonWong author
aAmaniA.Saad author
aHolgerMeyer author
aBehrouzMinaei-Bidgoli author
aNanDu author
aAttilaGyenesei author
aYaserS.Abu-Mostafa author
aKurtRothermel author
aAbdelouahidDerhab author
aDebasishChakraborty author
aKotaroNakayama author
aDanaVrajitoru author
aRonaldN.Kostoff author
aAlexDekhtyar author
aHenrikGustavsson author
aJonAtleGulla author
aYangWang author
aAmelGrissa-Touzi author
aMarcoPatella author
aGeorgeI.Davida author
aRobertA.Yost author
aWilmaPenzo author
aElianaSalvemini author
aStefanSchmitgen author
aHuayangLi author
aDaoxuChen author
aYanYang author
aYeon-JungKim author
aHowardR.Turtle author
aKyongSokSeo author
aJianhuaLin author
aValiollahTahani author
aBenCarterette author
aWaiTungLo author
aYunquanZhang author
aSangHoLee author
aMichelBenaroch author
aVincentWertz author
aZhiQuan author
aKatarzynaWegrzyn-Wolska author
aMichaelCameron author
aYongdongZhang author
aFatosT.Yarman-Vural author
aKoichiShinoda author
aReikoHamada author
aLluisBarcele author
aThomasBerecke author
aLucasGilbert author
aJeremyR.Kei author
aDanaMcKay author
aOlgaC.Santos author
aMichaelC.Burl author
aNobuyoshiMiyazaki author
aVictorMatos author
aSylvieCazalens author
aLachlanAldred author
aChristianHalaschek-Wiener author
aRolandM.Wagner author
aPieterVerheyden author
aMichaelGreninger author
aJohnSpiers author
aBaldeoK.Taneja author
aAxelMeckenstock author
aNeilC.Rowe author
aHuiminZhao author
aYongboNiu author
aWen-ChihPeng author
aRalfSteinmetz author
aChristianHang author
aJanardhanR.Iyengar author
aSeok-LyongLee author
aHonggangZhang author
aXiaoyanYu author
aJiehHsiang author
aJohnMacColl author
aJuanManuelCerdova author
aQinweiZhu author
aXueyuGeng author
aCorneliaHaber author
aJackR.Brzezinski author
aGiselaTrilla author
aCynthiaR.Karle author
aGeorgiaGarani author
aLawrenceB.Holder author
aLjupcoTodorovski author
aKwong-SakLeung author
aZhongsenYang author
aKimPeterson author
aWolfgangKainz author
aWolfgangLindner author
aJianpingHu author
aFraneoisLarcher author
aYoshitakaShibata author
aDeendayalDinakarpandian author
aBirgitBurmeister author
aGabriellaPasi author
aSagarRanadive author
aJoseMiguelGoei-Menoyo author
aSaraLana-Serrano author
aAlvaroE.Monge author
aSlawomirJ.Marcinkowski author
aDirkLehmann author
aHung-chihYang author
aThodorosTopaloglou author
aPatrickTitzler author
aA.InkeriVerkamo author
aSergeyBrin author
aYanifAhmad author
aWaltScacchi author
aLingHweyJeng author
aJanaVarlejs author
aMarkT.Kinnucan author
aKaiEckert author
aJ.StevenHughes author
aGregoryCrane author
aKrishnaKummamuru author
aMarkusStocker author
vDS-5 conf
aArisM.Ouksel author
aDannyDolev author
aSumitGanguly author
aJean-MarcTalbot author
aRenatoRosicarelli author
aFrancescaBugiotti author
aJi-WonByun author
aHorstWedde author
aDavidF.Ferraiolo author
aRoshanK.Thomas author
aJudithN.Froscher author
aLiangChen author
aWeizhuChen author
aZhongfei(Mark)Zhang author
aMuadAbu-Ata author
aPeterDeVries author
aRaphaelChand author
aJooseokPark author
aXiangLian author
aInderpalSinghMumick author
aYongHongTian author
aKirkMartinez author
aIppokratisPandis author
aMayurDatar author
aMariaCristinaPinotti author
aEckhardD.Falkenberg author
aDavidB.Lowe author
aJoseL.RangelNetto author
aSteveSangKiHan author
aVerenikaPeralta author
aFrankE.Levine author
aChristianKleinerman author
aTonyGriffiths author
aJamesR.Smith author
aRubenBejar author
aRainerAnzbeck author
aYau-HwangKuo author
aYuquanChen author
aIraAssent author
aTahseenAl-Khateeb author
aCarmeloDelValle author
aJiakuiZhao author
aDongLiang author
aZhenHe author
aMariellaDiGiacomo author
aClaudiaDiNapoli author
aStefanoFerrarini author
aAnssiNeuvonen author
aChristopherS.G.Khoo author
aPeixiangZhao author
aYuHuang author
aKui-LamKwok author
aYuanxiangLi author
aHamishCunningham author
aDongyiZhang author
aNiculaeStratica author
aFaridCerbah author
aArmandoSuerez author
aKoenV.Hindriks author
aMinKyungKim author
aGaryR.Rush author
aGuidoDinkhoff author
aSariHakkarainen author
aChristianPlattner author
aMatthiasWagner author
aUdaykiranKatikaneni author
aLipingZheng author
aSymeonRetalis author
aYanjunTong author
aRolfSchwitter author
aHaoLanZhang author
aRobertDale author
aHabibaDrias author
aNicolaZeni author
aAlgirdasLaukaitis author
aLaurentRomary author
aRogerGarside author
aEriksSneiders author
aValentinTablan author
aLaurentMignet author
aDrewV.McDermott author
aJohnZakos author
aPekkaUronen author
aRonnieLee author
aGaryLivingston author
aPaulChitson author
aJunfengWang author
aJoeoP.MarquesSilva author
aB.RivaShalom author
aIlmerioSilva author
aKyung-IlLee author
aTomRowlands author
aTerukoMitamura author
aScottPezanowski author
aG.P.Patil author
aGestaGrahne author
aJamesClifford author
aAdrianaPereiradeMedeiros author
aHenriHabrias author
aMartinRajman author
aHangLi author
aShingoOno author
aMinZhang author
aPaulOgilvie author
aD.B.Phatak author
aOliverPo author
aKarlDenninghoff author
aJunyanDing author
aAlanKwan author
aPeterKunath author
aRitaGranda author
aWanGong author
aNingRuan author
aMotokiShiga author
aOmidMadani author
aXue-wenChen author
aWilkersondeL.Andrade author
aMarcusVineciusAlvimAndrade author
aMarceloBernardesVieira author
aEdsonRicardodeAndradeSilva author
aThomazC.deA.Oliveira author
aAndreL.F.Caneado author
aIzabelC.Reis author
aXuanHuang author
aYuhuaLi author
aPhilippeFacon author
aGiorgioOrsi author
aAkiraYamaguchi author
aHidekiMori author
aJoseM.Bernabeu-Auben author
aRomanSenkerik author
aShunjiYamada author
aWingAu author
aKokoroNakagawa author
aDerekPhillips author
aM.Snelling author
aMaddalenaGarzetti author
aSurjatiniWidjojo author
aMohamedZaet author
aMiaoWen author
aMichaelBaranski author
aAlMamunurRashid author
aTakuKudo author
aErichM.Nahum author
aJackBieker author
aUdoMiletzki author
aMahmoudBoufaeda author
aMing-JyhHsieh author
aFlavioChierichetti author
aDafnaSheinwald author
aBeatriceFinance author
aRossWilkinson author
aChristopherC.Vogt author
aHongyanMa author
aCliffMcKnight author
aTarigAli author
aRamprasadSugumaran author
aLanLanWang author
aDavidE.Losada author
aVilleLaurikari author
aYoanJ.Pinzon author
aCathrynManduca author
aGenevaHenry author
aAndreKushniruk author
aP.Quitadamo author
aLiLu author
aCuongDiep author
aKathyBohrer author
aSantanuChaudhury author
aAgostinoDovier author
aLidanShou author
aFeiWu author
aEduardoB.Fernendez author
aLoveEkenberg author
aVladimirKovalev author
aJackR.Adams-Webber author
aYibeiLing author
aSubrataKumarDas author
aRoiBlanco author
aSvenMeyerzuEissen author
aIsraelBen-Shaul author
aYihuaHuang author
aA.Rodriguez author
aMartinHitz author
aApostolosPapadopoulos author
aAlejandroBugacov author
aD.Y.Rowland author
aMarkRoantree author
aMichaelBrydon author
aYuanLong author
aMarkForesti author
aSyedV.Ahamed author
aJoseLeomarTodesco author
aSeigoMuto author
aHepingHu author
aSitaramLanka author
aTerryGaasterland author
aDineshKatiyar author
aHekanJakobsson author
aRichardMortier author
aJochenLudewig author
aDieterGawlick author
aHakgeneShin author
aJohnRundell author
aDing-ChauWang author
aR.G.Marshall author
aGitaGopal author
aPhokionG.Kolaitis author
aSamyA.Mahmoud author
aTienChiChen author
aMurrayEdelberg author
aFrankShou-ChengTseng author
aGrantE.Weddell author
aStellaGatziu author
aGabrielPuiCheongFung author
aPingSun author
aGangWu author
aJamesDrew author
aHendrikBlockeel author
aMarcoRamoni author
aJianxinLiao author
aMartaRukoz author
aMarieAgier author
aBrunoTraverson author
aThierryDelot author
aKarenMacpherson author
aJoelA.Block author
aBozenaKostek author
aKennethR.Fleischmann author
aMichaelSanfordNilan author
aThierryLafouge author
aCharlesR.McClure author
aRobertJ.Skovira author
aBertieMandelblatt author
aErnestE.Sibert author
aLindaG.Pierce author
aGiovanniConforti author
aNoboruKoshizuka author
aCarolineArms author
aK.E.Nordstrom author
aNicholasGildea author
aDavidB.Hauver author
aLillianN.Cassel author
aChristianFluhr author
aDavidR.Musicant author
aGi-ChulYang author
aStanDanforth author
aEdwardColet author
aBrettBanich author
aWalterL.Heimerdinger author
aSeung-wonHwang author
aMasahiroHirao author
aJosephineM.Cheng author
aByung-KyuKim author
aSungchaeLim author
aCarolSmall author
aS.Sudarshan author
aUdoNink author
aImanElghandour author
aDaofengLuo author
aAdrianaBudura author
aD.Sivakumar author
aWilliamW.Cohen author
aKalpathiR.Subramanian author
aMichalBebjak author
aZhenminLi author
aSusanneKehler author
aNicolasCebron author
aSungboSeo author
aMichaelS.Lew author
aLichengJiao author
aSarabjotS.Anand author
aWon-YoungKim author
aNguyenSinhHoa author
aCarlaE.Brodley author
aDaxinJiang author
aHongyuWang author
aGencaiChen author
aJeremyT.Engle author
aByeong-SooJeong author
aLawrenceBuckingham author
aToruOhno author
aClementH.C.Leung author
aJamesA.Thom author
aJunichiTakahashi author
aGeorgesQuenot author
aNarenRamakrishnan author
aChing-TienHo author
aIstvenPileszy author
aYangDai author
aJessicaM.Phan author
aAxelFreyberg author
aK.Sankaran author
aPaulHuntington author
aJianZhang author
aBrunoDefude author
aF.C.Berger author
aMariaRitaScalas author
aLucaGilardoni author
aB.NickRossiter author
aBenWang author
aNancyR.Jensen author
aEdLawson author
aAlexandraPoulovassilis author
aChiLapYip author
aKelvinSim author
aTomohiroYoshihara author
aAikoFrank author
aMichelBonjour author
aBernardLang author
aJoseBusta author
aJergenKreyeig author
aShunichiroNakamura author
aEhsanVossough author
aPradeepGunda author
aC.E.VeniMadhavan author
aHai-YannHwang author
aBaopingZhang author
aKoFujimura author
aAchilleFokoue author
aDanKlein author
aHelenMargetts author
aYingLi author
aNenadStojanovic author
aPabloGarciaBringas author
aAndresFortier author
aMarcoCasassaMont author
aKajGrenbek author
aJulieHarfordWalker author
aXiaolinZhang author
aYongwookYoon author
aChangBeomLee author
aJunGao author
aPeterLoos author
aKevinElphinstone author
aKatarzynaSmaga author
aWilliamHesse author
aJeong-JunSong author
aKanjiUchino author
aM.SeethaLakshmi author
aAlfonsoPierantonio author
aLuisA.Guerrero author
aKouichiUtsumiya author
aCheng-TaLee author
aRuiDing author
aSoonMyoungChung author
aJulieChabalier author
aSimonJ.Hubbard author
aSunKim author
aColleenCool author
aBarbroBack author
aOlivierBodenreider author
aSimoneSantini author
aJianpingFan author
aSebastienAugier author
aJanM.Zytkow author
aMaryShapcott author
aGiuseppePsaila author
aLaurentUghetto author
aInderjitS.Dhillon author
aTrevorHastie author
aTomoharuIwata author
aChristineUrquhart author
aUlf-DietrichReips author
aJohnW.Fritch author
aKelseyLibner author
aMikeThelwall author
aShiow-yangWu author
aSu-ShingChen author
aEugeniuszScibor author
aLoriLorigo author
aJohnYen author
aScottC.Deerwester author
aKjellP.Konis author
aKwangilKo author
aKirkPruhs author
aBrendanLucier author
aQiSu author
aChristopherRe author
aM.Glittum author
aNorihiroIshikawa author
aPengHan author
aHanhuaChen author
aPedroCalixto author
aBaoyaoZhou author
aKennethM.Anderson author
aWilliamA.Wallace author
aShibyThomas author
aMichaelPatek author
aZhengZhao author
aR.P.Sundarraj author
aMarcLuwel author
aAnthonyF.J.vanRaan author
aMarilynDomasWhite author
aShaoFenLiang author
aMarkoJunkkari author
aCraigFisher author
aAdirEven author
aChristosDavatzikos author
aSundeepNarravula author
aGarethJ.Janacek author
aRuxingXu author
aAndreaPerego author
aGiorgioMariaDiNunzio author
aGenesErkan author
aGaryGeisler author
aJayM.Ponte author
aJiaxianZhu author
aPeiHuang author
aDong-WooCho author
aChieh-YuanTsai author
aDaoHuang author
aYunfengLi author
aEdmondH.C.Wu author
aYoulinFang author
aMichaelTang author
aCeciliaHernendez author
aAntoniWolski author
aMarkdeBerg author
aWernerKuhn author
vIntegratedSpatialDatabases conf
aUweStilla author
aVlastislavDohnal author
aBrunoApolloni author
aClaudeLaureneo author
aPhilipJ.Smith author
aBorisKatz author
aMonicaScannapieco author
vJ.DataSemanticsVI conf
aShlomoBerkovsky author
aNikoBehm author
aHenningHermjakob author
aLoraAroyo author
aFumiakiSugaya author
aAshutoshGarg author
aMarkK.Singley author
aKumarChellapilla author
aThorstenJoachims author
aLiushengHuang author
aHuajingLi author
aDaohuaYuan author
aM.S.Chen author
aTaoFu author
aYunmingYe author
aHongguangWang author
aJixiongChen author
aLiuYong author
aTaoXie0003 author
aRowenaChau author
aByung-JuKang author
aBernhardSteffen author
aR.K.Arora author
aLarsBekgaard author
aAhsanHabib author
aJoachimDiederich author
aYintianLiu author
aVincenzaCarchiolo author
aJergenLukasczyk author
aPavelVelikhov author
aReneBuitenhuis author
aLijunLeoLiu author
aAntonisBikakis author
aCuongAnhLe author
aMariOstendorf author
aNataliaV.Andrienko author
aMatthiasHemmje author
aLeiZhao author
aBijanParsia author
aMikkoLaukkanen author
aRamziKaroui author
aJavierPinto author
aAndreiPopovici author
aNeelK.Jain author
aMichaelJ.Wynblatt author
aNileMosley author
aBrigitteEuler author
aMartinRotard author
aUffeKockWiil author
aPanagiotisKarras author
aAbdullahAl-Hamdani author
aToshimiMinoura author
aRaviKannan author
aRajanSuri author
aFeiXu author
aJiayuanHuang author
aJuliaHunter author
aKarinKailing author
aWeiminTong author
aK.K.Loo author
aWeiHan author
aThomasBaier author
aM.W.Youssef author
aYoung-JinYoon author
aConcepcionPerez author
aJuanCarlosCasamayor author
aAlbertLevi author
aStefanBerchtold author
aStefanBerner author
aZhuLiping author
aChenxiZhang author
aBintoGeorge author
aDanielSagalowicz author
aNianjunLiu author
aRamDantu author
aRobertSchreiber author
aMarcinSkubiszewski author
aMarie-JoBellosta-Tourtier author
aManachaiToahchoodee author
aWilliamH.Winsborough author
aManuelKoch author
aLiang-JieZhang author
aRamaAkkiraju author
aMaximGurevich author
aDanielGruhl author
aJacobRatkiewicz author
aAlbrechtSchmidt author
aJohnEklund author
aDelT.Scott author
aJoseL.Mueoz author
aSang-WonLee author
aKwang-SikChung author
aHeejinPark author
aRajuganRajagopalapillai author
aTatsuyaNakamura author
aYu-TingKung author
aWan-SupCho author
aPeterDahm author
aFrederickN.Springsteel author
aPhilipChang author
aPascalFaudemay author
aHong-TaiChou author
aArrielBenis author
aGuyDeTre author
aThomasWiesinger author
aYasuyukiSumi author
aPauloCesarMoreiraGottgtroy author
aRuixuanLi author
aHongweiQi author
aInjooJang author
aGionataGelati author
aDidarZowghi author
aSun-HwaHahn author
aDennyPriebe author
aRamakrishnaVaradarajan author
aDavidC.Roberts author
aLokmanI.Meho author
aJamieDinkelacker author
aSoniaVezquez author
aTeijiFurugori author
aGijooYang author
aDonalJ.Flynn author
aPeterEden author
aIliasPetrounias author
aDinaQ.Goldin author
aYanChen author
vIFIPTC-2WorkingConferenceonDataBaseArchitecture conf
aViolettaCavalli-Sforza author
aS.W.Joshi author
aCraigL.Johnson author
aKevinEsterling author
aMargaretHedstrom author
aJamesE.Allchin author
aJacobA.Abraham author
aGuillermoArango author
aManfredThaller author
aCathalHoare author
aRaymondJ.D'Amore author
aHiroshiItsumura author
aMartinBrooks author
aRonaldD.Doctor author
aLoisF.Lunin author
aAnnaMartinson author
aMichaelE.Gleeson author
aCharlesH.Davis author
aP.PeteChong author
aJochenBern author
aAkinoriAbe author
aPaulaCeciliaFritzsche author
aVikramadityaR.Jakkula author
aJohnD.Gould author
aMarkGreen author
aKe-JiaChen author
aMichaelChau author
aTimTierney author
aWingHangCheung author
aLanceGood author
aAntonioRazo author
aYasushiKiyoki author
aH.RexHartson author
aHaimKilov author
aSapnaE.George author
aSergioGonzelez-Valenzuela author
aIng-RayChen author
aW.ScottSpangler author
aTheodorHolmNelson author
aJohnB.Smith author
aRossPurves author
aMarkWillems author
aMichaelKifer author
aFranciscaAntunes author
aHaythamElghazel author
aMarkoBrunzel author
aRobertJ.T.Morris author
aRonMusick author
aThomasL.Sterling author
aChristiaanThieme author
aMarcM.Lankhorst author
aLinYang author
aRuthYueeZhang author
aRonKohavi author
aMarcVancanneyt author
aDejanJ.Sobajic author
aBoazBen-Moshe author
aFengLiu author
aYazheTang author
aPeterA.Creticos author
aLaichuTang author
aIlyaZaslavsky author
aFrancisYan author
aPatrickWendel author
aJianHuang author
aAlessandroSperduti author
aMinsooLee author
aStijnHeymans author
aJosdeBruijn author
aJamesScicluna author
aFengshanBai author
aWeiningQian author
aJianminSu author
aSabahCurrim author
aVincentVentrone author
aCharnyotePluempitiwiriyawej author
aSalvatoreT.March author
aKariVasko author
aAnupamJoshi author
aCarmenBrando author
aA.Caron author
aSalimaBenbernou author
aHubertSiu author
aTimCheng author
aBrianC.Ladd author
aLeonardJ.Seligman author
aNanJiang author
aYan-NeiLaw author
aHowardTrickey author
aHanyuLi author
vIFIPWorkingConferenceDataBaseManagement conf
aP.A.Dearnley author
aPeterM.Stocker author
aOlliNevalainen author
aU.Predel author
aGuanlingLee author
aNaoumNaoumov author
aShinn-YingHo author
aSeferinaMavroudi author
aYongbingMei author
aI-HsienTing author
aHenkM.Blanken author
aK.Ravindran author
aJeffreyL.Eppinger author
aMarinaKrumbholz author
aMichaelD.Soo author
aNikosKarayannidis author
aDarrenErikVengroff author
aVaganY.Terziyan author
aChristophQuix author
aEliseoClementini author
aMichaelDahlin author
aYandongLiu author
aJonathanGrady author
aErnstJ.Schuegraf author
aForbesGibb author
aStephaneAyache author
aHyeranByun author
aVineetPadmanabhan author
aBrentHeeringa author
aHidetoYokoi author
aSuvritSra author
aBoleslawK.Szymanski author
aAmihoodAmir author
aQunSun author
aJanC.Bioch author
aAlepioMerioJorge author
aRamendraK.Sahoo author
aThierrySchang author
aZhiminChen author
aJean-FraneoisVilarem author
aHerveMartin author
aFedericoDemi author
aWeimingShen author
aShi-PingHsu author
aBrianFrasca author
aTedE.Senator author
aDwightE.Nelson author
aMichaelSpringmann author
aChrisWalmsley author
aMinyarSassi author
aMohammadT.Ibrahim author
vIFIPTC-2SpecialWorkingConferenceonDataBaseDescription conf
aJ.R.Lucking author
aH.RandallJohnson author
aKirstiRacine author
aNevenkaDimitrova author
aAdrianMeller author
aBerndKostka author
aBjernGulla author
aMariaFrancescaCostabile author
aLeiLiu author
aJuttaLoers author
aColinTully author
aChrisFox author
aCindyWeickert author
aLeandroBalbyMarinho author
aPierPaoloPuliafito author
aSergeiM.Ananyan author
aGerardGovaert author
aMing-YenLin author
aRonaldM.Lee author
aMaartenW.A.Steen author
aVincentRosener author
aK.Arnarsdettir author
aOmarChiotti author
aRaghavanSrinivas author
aEvaM.MendezRodreguez author
aX.AllanLu author
aBrigitteGrau author
aSang-BumKim author
aSusanneM.Humphrey author
aAlainBreuleux author
aTakakoM.Hickey author
aDouglasB.Terry author
aAlonItai author
aVeroniqueSmahi author
aLucaGiachino author
aIztokSavnik author
aEricY.T.Juan author
aJelenaZdravkovic author
aJoeoBarreto author
aAndreasZeidler author
aAlexanderWidder author
aAlexWun author
aCleidsonR.B.deSouza author
aAnnikaHinze author
aLeslieJames author
aHughD.Wilson author
aKevinW.Boyack author
aCarolTenopir author
aVwaniP.Roychowdhury author
aPierreLoonis author
aMinghuZhang author
aChiouPengLam author
aToshikazuFukushima author
aSang-gooLee author
aFaizalRiaz-ud-Din author
aSangKeunLee author
aMichaelSteinbrunn author
aJean-MarcThevenin author
aLucioBozzoli author
aJanZizka author
aDanCosley author
aPasqualeLegato author
aLi-minLiu author
aM.Freston author
aM.Meynard author
aSelmaMouline author
aMicheleCart author
aYunyaoLi author
aHermanLam author
aZuhairBandar author
aHungHayHo author
aWeiZou author
aMichaelBalser author
aGuangjunCai author
aVikasC.Raykar author
aEdwardM.Riseman author
aKokMengPua author
aRebeccaCathey author
aBiplavSrivastava author
aTonyFisher author
aAntonioToralRuiz author
aKelvinW.C.Foong author
aElizabethLund author
aJoseM.Perea-Ortega author
aHirokoMano author
aMatthewSmillie author
aYuanChen author
aVladislavRajkovic author
aM.AliciaPerez author
aChrisVerhoef author
aMauroBiajiz author
aGregoryJ.Sharp author
aOscarUrra author
aBernhardVolz author
aAdilHasan author
aStefanoNecozione author
aToddC.Mowry author
aFabioPinelli author
aBerndThomas author
aBinCui author
aJaimeRamos author
aYunpengWang author
aN.Polesello author
aPieroMussio author
aLarryFitzpatrick author
aMichaelRogersRubin author
aVladimirSimeon author
aLeeJ.White author
aPhilipO'Brien author
aEugeneAgichtein author
aMaryTiles author
aDanAncona author
aJanSchnasse author
aShihChia-Chun author
aMasakiAono author
aYongxiangSim author
aAtaKaben author
aCorinnePlazanet author
aE.LynnUsery author
aSonalPatil author
aDavidM.Hansen author
aAlessandroZorer author
aFergusHenderson author
aMargitaKon-Popovska author
aChristianWinnewisser author
aJohnC.Miles author
aDavidChadwick author
aJoeoPereira author
aRaviVaradarajan author
aRobertVilla author
aLuisFrancisco-Revilla author
aStephanFischer author
aKevinSchlueter author
aDeepavaliBhagwat author
aJonasS.Karlsson author
aCoreyBufi author
aAlvinChin author
aPatreciaGomesSoaresFlorissi author
aJohnD.McFall author
aGeorgeD.Smith author
aDerekL.Nazareth author
aAnnEllisBandurski author
vDataBasesforInteractiveDesign conf
aPaoloBresciani author
aElaineStricklett author
aT.C.Chiang author
aBrankaTauzovich author
aDouglasRussell author
aMuratKantarcioglu author
aHiranmayeeSubramaniam author
aMohamedR.Fouad author
aS.M.Mesick author
aYannChevriaux author
aBrianHarrington author
aCarolA.Gotway author
aEliyahuSafra author
aFranzLeberl author
aEileenMcMahon author
aGerardoCanfora author
vPAIS conf
aGrigoriosLoukides author
aChadBerkley author
aCleudioT.Silva author
aKen'ichiHorikawa author
aGeorgyL.Gimel'farb author
aJui-CheTeng author
aTakashiKitagawa author
aMadhavV.Marathe author
aJillianC.Wallis author
aJanBrase author
aAndreasRasmusson author
aPin-KwangEng author
aSylvainDelisle author
aChangwooByun author
aNghiaTang author
aChiranjibBhattacharyya author
aMasahiroOhkawa author
aRaymondT.Yeh author
aAlisonCawsey author
aDavidLambert author
aLawrenceA.Rowe author
aMichelLacroix author
aWalkerM.White author
aGillesFecteau author
aGiuseppeBerio author
aPatricioLetelier author
aPrasadM.Deshpande author
aRonObermarck author
aIanD.Benest author
aAlanH.Goldfine author
aOliverP.Waldhorst author
aChieh-MingChen author
aJaakkoKangasharju author
aChristopherM.Johnson author
aChristopherCondit author
aIbrahimHabli author
aTomasBlain author
aPaulCotton author
aRivkaLadin author
aMuhammadAamirCheema author
aYunhongGu author
aRaymondSimanowith author
aJohnJ.Bates author
aDickDixon author
aLarsMilewski author
aD.Georgiou author
aDonatellaCastelli author
aJessieB.Kennedy author
aThomasMundt author
aSpirosSirmakessis author
aClaraMancini author
aJohnCooke author
aDavidB.Wagner author
aEricLi author
aJohnE.Funderburk author
aIoanaStanoi author
aJiannongCao author
aDonaldA.Jardine author
aMohammadA.Al-Jarrah author
aIoannisHatzilygeroudis author
aStephenJ.Green author
aDilinMao author
aSonalBhushan author
aAllenRenear author
aPetervanBeek author
aMorrisBernstein author
aAndrewZ.Tong author
aManuelAparicioIV author
aKostasGaitanos author
aMargaret-AnneD.Storey author
aAjitSingh author
aChristinaObry author
aEdwardHatton author
aStephenG.Pearce author
aSteveMacDonald author
aTilmannF.W.Bruckhaus author
aBhuvanaRamabhadran author
aLloydA.Smith author
aShengruiWang author
aMarkGraves author
aSharmilaSubramaniam author
aJosephY.Halpern author
aNicholasKral author
aYingXia author
aLongjiangGuo author
vTSDM conf
aLaurenceA.F.Park author
aAngeloMontanari author
vRIDE-DOM conf
aD.Ackley author
aPierreMaret author
aRainerSchubert author
aDavidToman author
aChun-hungLi author
aKen-HaoLiu author
aLeonardoTininini author
aA.N.Arnason author
aRussellF.Haddleton author
aKeshengWu author
aAlbertoPan author
aKostasStefanidis author
aMasakoShinohara author
aTakafumiNakanishi author
aRafalA.Angryk author
aMikeChing author
aFalkoSchmid author
aYiFeng author
aEmilianoCasalicchio author
aEytanBakshy author
aRamanujanS.Kashi author
aBryanB.Thompson author
aGeorgeT.Ioannidis author
aWensiXi author
aLucaConsole author
aSimoneMarinai author
aFrancescodiCugno author
aM.Teboul author
aH.Tardieu author
aGianfrancoR.Putzolu author
aS.Savoysky author
aE.Benci author
aJ.Owlett author
aLeeScheffler author
aErkkiKoskela author
aNikosRizopoulos author
aDieterMitsche author
aHanhongXue author
aZhiyongLu author
aChien-WenChen author
aRobertMichaelTanner author
aXiaoyaoJiang author
aAkiraMogi author
aStephenChi-faiChan author
aTomokoIzumita author
aP.C.N.Wong author
aRishiRakeshSinha author
aAlexanderSalbrechter author
aAlessandroRaffio author
aTusharBansal author
aFeiChiang author
aAmmarAttoui author
aMarkRyland author
aShuiwangJi author
aCristianUngureanu author
aMartinKehler author
aTamraparniDasu author
aXuanHieuPhan author
aWagnerMeiraJr. author
aHua-JunZeng author
aChristinaTziviskou author
aChristopherH.Brooks author
aXiaoxunZhang author
aZhenyuLiu author
aMarkButterfield author
aLucBerthouze author
aAndreasVoigtmann author
aWolframConen author
aJoelC.Adams author
aEgonVerharen author
aCaroleD.Hafner author
aHanglinPan author
aJayanthaRajapakse author
aDavidFernandes author
aKarthikeyanUmapathy author
aQingchunJiang author
aLiangzhongYin author
aMorHarchol-Balter author
aK.Brahmadathan author
vDS-1 conf
aBenoitDavid author
aShenjieLi author
aAnnaLipka author
aDimitrisN.Metaxas author
aSigneEllegerdBorch author
aRose-Marieehlfeldt author
aMikaNakaoka author
aSethuramanPanchanathan author
aHolgerMertens author
aFranz-JosefLeick author
aXiaomingZhao author
aNormanM.Sadeh author
aJeongSeokOh author
aLauKerrigan author
aYi-DaChen author
aGenevieveGiuliano author
aHan-ShenHuang author
aEfstratiosGallopoulos author
aYuanyuanZhou author
aRickRasmussen author
aTheodoraA.Varvarigou author
aBruceRex author
aJianguoLu author
aThomasF.Keefe author
aYoudongTao author
aJunpingYou author
aJianyuLi author
aGregoryButler author
aRuixinYang author
aVibhutiS.Sengar author
aDadabhaiT.Singh author
aVassiliosS.Verykios author
aSachinSingh author
aMariaZemankova author
aMenzoWindhouwer author
aJohnE.Churchill author
aLawrenceV.Saxton author
aNaokiSaiwaki author
aJackManShunYeung author
aKun-LungWu author
aDavidRatsimba author
aFrancescoM.Donini author
aGiovannaPetrone author
aYorickWilks author
aWilliamJ.Merline author
aMichaelJ.Kirby author
aJureLeskovec author
aMarie-FranceBruandet author
aLayneT.Watson author
aEssamA.El-Kwae author
aAnthonyBolmarcich author
aPaulKahn author
aPaulDeBra author
aF.DonelsonSmith author
aUmaSrinivasan author
aClareLlewellyn author
aEmmaTonkin author
aJoanC.Nordbotten author
aKatjaHose author
aUlrichPfeifer author
aRafaelM.Inigo author
aYinYang author
aHansOlafBorch author
aLukeEmmet author
aOmP.Damani author
aJohanMarty author
aDongZhou author
aHristoTanev author
aDouglasW.Oard author
aDong-HoShin author
aJohanBos author
aJoyceY.Chai author
aSusumuHoriguchi author
aGabriellaKazai author
aLarsSederlund author
aPaulMorarescu author
aRichardF.E.Sutcliffe author
aAnaGarcea-Serrano author
aDevinaRamduny author
aPaulMcFetridge author
aSebastianvanDelden author
aSimonFung author
aMadsBondoDydensborg author
aMareaA.Nieto-Santisteban author
aThomasD.C.Little author
aNeilSharman author
aAnne-LaureLigozat author
aLauraJ.Smart author
aChuckThomas author
aIchiroFujinaga author
aSarahHarwell author
aLouisW.G.Barton author
aRichardPearce-Moses author
aMeilanZhang author
aNikosPapadakis author
aEmmaByrne author
aAlpaSachde author
aD.Mishra author
aTerryJones author
aAndreaValassi author
aScottP.Robertson author
aBinZhu author
aBendickMahleko author
aDebraE.VanderMeer author
aKei-ichiEnoki author
aVinayKakade author
aThanhTinTang author
aKaladharVoruganti author
aJ.Madar author
aJuanL.Mateo author
aSenSu author
aAngelicaCaro author
aBarbaraD.Klein author
aKo-YangWang author
aVincentA.S.Lee author
aVasileRus author
aEugenMunteanu author
aPatriciaF.Katopol author
aBirgerLarsen author
aRichardM.Schwartz author
aHidekiIsozaki author
aI.Mistrik author
aHelmutMeller author
aToreMallaug author
aZinovyDiskin author
aTarunArora author
aRichardJ.White author
aDeepakAgrawal author
aChristopherMeek author
aThomasR.Willemain author
aFranciscoJ.Ricardo author
aVictoriaL.Zephyrova author
aEthanV.Munson author
aNoureddineBoudriga author
aHaraldWeinreich author
aEnricoMotta author
aMarkusWon author
aAdriennSkrop author
aMichaelI.Schwartzbach author
aYuriA.Tijerino author
aRobertTolksdorf author
aChun-ChiaWang author
aGiannisTsakonas author
aDavidBodoff author
aMorrisMatsa author
aTetsuoHidaka author
aShu-YaoChien author
aHans-JergenBerckert author
aChoh-ManTeng author
aBeateList author
aAntonioD.Chiaravalloti author
aAntonioBoccalatte author
aLushengChen author
aWilliamAlexander author
aWangLian author
aEliBlevis author
aGiuseppeSerazzi author
aTatsuoGotoh author
aDavidShutt author
aJungchulWoo author
aJ.Xu author
aRobinVonBoeschoten author
aJamesW.Warner author
aAhmedAtaullah author
aMandarMitra author
aMichaelBrittain author
aT.Liang author
aHilaryD.Burton author
aOlivierPivert author
aLauraChiticariu author
aTuongC.Truong author
aSteveLaufmann author
aJohnHiller author
aTomonoriMogawa author
aGuo-JunQi author
aGuoyinWang author
aCuiLin author
aPeipengLiang author
aGuoqingChen author
aMarie-JeanneLesot author
aGraceSauLanLoo author
aD.L.Hsiao-Feng author
aPhilipJ.Morrow author
aJ.Sethi author
aGeunSikJo author
aHaraldRieser author
aHepingShang author
aDavidLevine author
aJiayaoWang author
aYi-DongShen author
aRossSparks author
aCliffordBurgess author
aTomohideMuranushi author
aTimothyC.Craven author
aCornelisJoostvanRijsbergen author
aDennieVanTassel author
aTuneoTamati author
aC.Keren author
aM.Bonpas author
aC.Bye author
aL.Dupuis author
aColinJ.Bell author
aMargaretA.Hafer author
aBenjaminMittman author
aG.e.Vleduts author
aA.F.R.Brown author
aManfredKochen author
aAlanE.Bayer author
aStefanJ.Boddie author
aWayneWolf author
aFlorenceE.DeHart author
aChen-TungChen author
aPiaBorlund author
aHock-HaiTeo author
aPeterWillett author
aKatherineWyatt author
aRandyRyker author
aMarie-FrancineMoens author
aShlomoGeva author
aStuartN.K.Watt author
aSlawomirT.Wierzchon author
aM.R.Coyne author
aDavidKotz author
aNormSanford author
aStefanoFerretti author
aRainerSimon author
aRobertG.Farrell author
aKiaMakki author
aNigelBaker author
aZhengluYang author
aAnirbanMahanti author
aMatthewHurst author
aLaurenceBull author
aWilliamP.Birmingham author
aHarlanOnsrud author
aDavidC.Nagel author
aTimWeston author
aLukasFaulstich author
aSteffenRost author
aAmitabhSaran author
aNobuyoshiTerashima author
aTrevorJ.M.Bench-Capon author
aK.vandeKerchove author
aVirpiLyytikeinen author
aTerumasaEhara author
aMasayukiTakeda author
aShunsukeInenaga author
aengelF.ZazoRodreguez author
aStefanSchlobach author
aSeyedM.M.Tahaghoghi author
aJianxinLi author
aTakayukiSuzuki author
aAlbertoTorres author
aJoanAntoniPastor author
aEmiliaMendes author
aHaoChen author
aJeremyA.T.Hussell author
aSusanMusante author
aTomOwen author
aJohnHuang author
aCarolynSheffield author
aYaoShihYang author
aWuHe author
aChee-WeeTan author
aLanceHayden author
aAnttiJervelin author
aDavidThoenen author
aHwanjoYu author
aManolisMaragoudakis author
aFredericMoal author
aJoelL.Wolf author
aBettinaKemme author
vECOOPWorkshoponObject-OrientedDatabases conf
aStephanKorsholm author
aJamieShiers author
aDanielAebi author
aChian-ProngLam author
aJaquesDurant author
aVeraKamp author
aSamHaradhvala author
aCorineCauvet author
aRaymondWai-ManLo author
aM.MarufHossain author
aSang-HyukLee author
aM.Zsenei author
aBirgitKorherr author
aStephenSobol author
aDavidTrillo author
aAnne-CecileCaron author
aGabrielDandretta author
aFerialShayeganfar author
aMorenoMarzolla author
aKoichiroShimomura author
aMichelaRobba author
aDariuszKleczek author
aRamezAlkhatib author
aLutzKolbe author
aTsunenoriIshioka author
aBarryJ.Menich author
aOscarPedreira author
aMasaruUeda author
aWendyPowley author
aYimingYe author
aRollieSing author
aThomasSanten author
aIgorJurisica author
aJonathanSchaeffer author
aJamesAspnes author
aC.FrankStarmer author
aDennisF.Kibler author
aAndreSeifert author
aSugataGhosal author
aAndrewHogue author
aTakanoriUeda author
aYingYan author
aPatrickSharkey author
aHenryJ.Lowe author
aBeatePorst author
aPeterN.Yianilos author
aPamelaDrew author
aAnneBreggemann-Klein author
aC.Gofron author
aBasvanBakel author
aOlivierReneGirard author
aJiandongHuang author
aAaronWatters author
aHongyanLiu author
aYasuhiroSuzuki author
aFranciscoCurbera author
aNasirD.Memon author
aMichaelH.F.Wilkinson author
aStephaneClinchant author
aIchikoSata author
aSankarVirdhagriswaran author
aMarcoFais author
aRobKoper author
aXupingTu author
aAnthonyFinkelstein author
aVijayDialani author
aChyan-YeeGoh author
aWeijunChen author
aJoseMareaGemezHidalgo author
aCaseyDugan author
aMarkA.Jones author
aKrisPopat author
aIsaacAholu author
aAparnaGurijala author
aSuleymanKardas author
aJean-MichelRenders author
aJakubPiskorski author
aKwang-SuYang author
aRunpingQi author
aYoungHoKim author
aDanieleTheseiderDupre author
aUlrichApel author
aEricA.Meyer author
aSujuRajan author
aRicardodaSilvaTorres author
aEnricMayol author
aArturoJaime author
aF.J.Zarazaga author
aengelesS.Places author
aEnriqueSenchezVillamil author
aKatherineE.Thomson author
aFranBerman author
aEkawitNantajeewarawat author
aYingqiXu author
aJiexunLi author
aJamesD.Anderson author
aMareaEugeniaEspinosa-Calvo author
aWayneMcCoy author
aArturZiviani author
aPatrickVinograd author
aJ.S.Knowles author
aDaleA.Stirling author
aHansJochenScholl author
aNikosLoutas author
aSherriK.Harms author
aJiaLiao author
aGuyPierra author
aLianziWen author
aLuisFernandoDeRos author
aL.Maugis author
aBinHe author
aSalvatoreReale author
aT.Hiraishi author
aZhenhuaWang author
aHonWaiLeong author
aKenjiAraki author
aFaridMeziane author
aSergiyZlatkin author
aDanielC.Wolfson author
aYatSheungWong author
aSergioNunes author
aGiovannaGuerrini author
aKlausBenecke author
aSlobodankaDjordjevic-Kajan author
aLucianoCaroprese author
aMaurizioVincini author
aGregoryKarvounarakis author
aHansvanVliet author
aStefanJablonski author
vRIDE-DM conf
aHongSu author
aAleksanderPivk author
aDavidK.Elson author
aShengfengTian author
aXiaoyangTan author
aKarWingLi author
aNeilR.Smalheiser author
aBertrandMeyer author
aPanosPartsinevelos author
aLotharFischmann author
aMarcHolze author
aBorisNovikov author
aWalterLiebhart author
aMichaelA.Gennert author
aStefanosSouldatos author
aPauloMarques author
aIvanaPodnarZarko author
aMichaelBond author
aJunWang author
aDarijusStrasunskas author
aLidiaMoreno author
aMarieChristineVillain author
aIgorA.Bolshakov author
aJoseAmbrosioTovalelvarez author
aFranciscoValverde author
aJuryonPaik author
aDavidA.Kearney author
aChunyuAi author
aAjayGupta author
aHaefaZargayouna author
aJimLeistensnider author
aJianzhangHe author
aSaturninoLuz author
aGhadaGasmi author
vEDBTPhDWorkshop conf
aRaphaelYahalom author
aBibianaCuenca author
aMasaruTabata author
aJan-EikeMichels author
aCarmenRiedler author
aSebastianSchaffert author
aJean-MarieLeGoff author
aC.deZeeuw author
aMichalPechoucek author
aT.LeFlour author
aL.Genchi author
aJunAdachi author
aDennisN.Ocholla author
aK.Bystrom author
aSmadarElata author
aRobertPages author
aK.H.V.Booth author
aE.Hoffmann author
aWilliamD.Schieber author
aSameerPradhan author
aChristaWomser-Hacker author
aDanielRacoceanu author
aSanmingSong author
aJavierMueoz author
aYngveAasheim author
aHuiXiong author
aAssafSchuster author
aKozueIshida author
aAiKato author
aMartineMagnan author
aChenyiXia author
aMitulTiwari author
aZhonghuaYu author
aR.Sato author
aMerciodeCarvalho author
aGregoryE.Gonye author
aPabloCastro author
aXiaofengMeng author
aKaiZhao author
aZhiweiLi author
aYuikoOhta author
aHiroyaTakamura author
aHowardJ.Hamilton author
aRobertLasocki author
aRobertD.Macredie author
aWendyT.Lucas author
aAndrewD.M.Walker author
aUweA.Johnen author
aChemaAbasolo author
aRaghuKarinthi author
aNicolasDessaigne author
aWilliamY.Arms author
aXiaoHu author
aDavidN.Milne author
aBernardDousset author
aPatrickZiegler author
aDineshManocha author
aM.MiradaSilva author
aThomasC.Rakow author
aHeikoThimm author
aEricZavesky author
aStephaneMarchand-Maillet author
aStefanoBerretti author
aCongnanLuo author
aCorneliaE.Dowling author
vInformationRetrieval conf
aDieterMerkl author
aLucianoLucchesi author
aRoderickI.Nicolson author
aA.Black author
aPhilipJ.Gartshore author
aMarkSawtelle author
aPatriciaA.Carlson author
aGentherPernul author
aRickBelmonte author
aNabilLayaeda author
aLeiGuo author
aHuizhongDuan author
aCorinR.Anderson author
aFedericoCavalieri author
aRaviMurthy author
aArthurToya author
aYukariShirota author
aJohnR.Campbell author
aRandyJ.Fortier author
aPeifengLi author
aBobbyBhattacharjee author
aGuojunJin author
aChoongWahChan author
aJinhuiJian author
aStephanM.Kerpedjiev author
aChangkiLee author
aTetsuhiroMiyahara author
aJyrkiKivinen author
aMarioSchkolnick author
aJanRittinger author
aJianminMa author
aSimonasSaltenis author
aMichaelKlein author
aM.A.Qutaishat author
aTomJohnsten author
aSeung-HongHong author
aAndrewJ.Sabri author
aAnitaRaja author
vDaMaP conf
aD.Terral author
aJ.Morejon author
aXianZhang author
aGiovanniFulantelli author
aTuyet-TrinhVu author
aSeonHoKim author
aC.R.Ramakrishnan author
aAmitKumar author
aXueqingGong author
aFlipKorn author
aHocineGrine author
aMairaFerreiradeNoronha author
aBarbaraT.Blaustein author
aPolixeniZacharouli author
aDanieleRiboni author
aNarankerDulay author
aJ.Keller author
aMichelBilello author
aSteffenLamparter author
aMichaelFreeston author
aNataliaReyes-Farfen author
aPeterVedsted author
aYunhuaLu author
aStefanSchmitz author
aArtMunson author
aPedroDomingos author
aHusseinIbrahim author
aJ.E.Gentle author
aMasaoSakauchi author
aM.M.Kornfein author
aYihuaWu author
aCatherineLassez author
aDonHerkimer author
aPaulThomas author
aStevenReece author
aQi-CaiHe author
aPatrickCahan author
aEduardHoenkamp author
aJihongGuan author
aElizabethDu author
aPablodelaFuente author
aVitorR.Carvalho author
aKatsumiTakahashi author
aKai-WeiChang author
aKiriWagstaff author
aLoredanaAfanasiev author
aKazuhitoKobayashi author
aG.L.Lasseter author
aAndrewLincolnBurrow author
aYasuakiYamagishi author
aAstridEnsslin author
aMartinAlberink author
aWeigangWang author
aJosephM.Goodman author
aPankajK.Garg author
aLidiaFalomo author
aFrancescSebe author
aYoung-WhunLee author
aSeppoSippu author
aDavidA.White author
aAdegbemigaOla author
aChin-LiangChang author
aWilliamMcCune author
aCharlesKellogg author
vXP1WorkshoponDatabaseTheory conf
aMichalStabno author
aRobertWrembel author
aKazushiNishimoto author
aPedroR.FalconeSampaio author
aPatriciaSerrano-Alvarado author
aZongweiLuo author
aEuanW.Dempster author
aShirishKrishnajShevade author
aYangSong author
aTranT.Hoai author
aSeogPark author
aPankajM.Tolani author
aRosanaL.deB.A.Rocha author
aRossanaM.C.Andrade author
aLawrenceY.L.Cheung author
aBenjaminK.Tsou author
aMerciaLucena author
aStijnVansummeren author
aYannisKatsis author
aChrisWroe author
aEnricPlaza author
aWilliamShapiro author
aFranzPuntigam author
aScottE.Spetka author
aDanielThureen author
aeysteinGrevlen author
aKrzysztofDembczynski author
aRainerMalaka author
aFranzLehner author
aSebastianObermeier author
aJ.O.Jefferys author
aEnriqueMedina author
aChristelleUrtado author
aPetrCharvet author
aG.Rodriguez author
aFanYang0002 author
aPhillipM.Fernandez author
aMartinMaier author
aV.G.VinodVydiswaran author
aPedroBizarro author
aShing-KitChan author
aTakashiMatsuda author
aYaboXu author
aBaihuaZheng author
aMarcoWinckler author
aK.Y.Chan author
aKiHunPaek author
aM.Muralikrishna author
aCristianaAmza author
aHannesVoigt author
aRogerioLuesdeCarvalhoCosta author
aHaoJin author
aKurtStockinger author
aKathleenHornsby author
aKyoungSooBok author
aKeunHoRyu author
aJianweiYin author
aJieZuo author
aGyoungBaeKim author
aMuSu author
aWenwenQi author
aPengfeiShi author
aChi-HonChoi author
aHu'anLi author
aXiaoguangHong author
aDanielChenok author
aP.Patankar author
aVasiliaVelissariou author
aKallolKumarBagchi author
aPaulS.Herrnson author
aBienvenidoVelez-Rivera author
aJenniferStromer-Galley author
aBoEwald author
aJenniferSchroeder author
aJ.Rand author
aHaoWu author
aKaichangDi author
aL.JeanCamp author
aMoustafaA.Hammad author
aArieTzvieli author
aMatthaiPhilipose author
aNishantDani author
aPaulIglinski author
aCostasHarizakis author
aDavidA.Barrett author
aPriyamvadaTripathi author
aRichardD.Lawrence author
aKhalidLatif author
aErnestRotterdam author
aLuisM.Camarinha-Matos author
aYasuhitoAsano author
aDjamelBerrabah author
aJasonFarradane author
aMichelineHancock-Beaulieu author
aPamelaA.Savage-Knepshield author
aQianliJin author
aJiaoLi author
aUlricJ.Gelinas author
aSylviaSpengler author
aVijayAtluri author
aChristianConvey author
aAnnoLangen author
aYiLifu author
aKaushikChakrabarti author
aThomasJ.Cook author
aLeiSheng author
aSangKyunCha author
aDavidJ.Martin author
aIrisEiron author
aJohnErtlschweiger author
aStefanDieker author
aKuldipK.Paliwal author
aAndreaRomei author
aBurkeRyder author
aJoo-HweeLim author
aErwinM.Bakker author
aJulindaGllavata author
aAlexisJoly author
aJohnP.Eakins author
aIrisJastram author
aEllenM.Voorhees author
aBangaloreSrinivas author
aCarylMcAllister author
aF.Nordby author
aAyseGeker author
aLuisFarieasdelCerro author
aHerveGallaire author
aMohamedIbrahimAbouelhoda author
aMariadaGraeaCamposPimentel author
aMaryConey author
aNiponCharoenkitkarn author
aBogdanSolomon author
aSeanJy-ShyangChen author
aYabinMeng author
aSamLahiri author
aThomasP.Nadeau author
aJoelTroster author
aJyh-HerngChow author
aMartinAndersson author
aArkadyB.Zaslavsky author
aJussiRuuthu author
aAnneE.James author
aKazumasaYokota author
aNasreddineAoumeur author
aMohamedShehab author
aYan-NongHuang author
aCedricCoulon author
aGiyeongKim author
aS.Laine-Cruzel author
aEnriqueHerrera-Viedma author
aRonDay author
aLawrenceYau author
aRajeevSharma author
aScottLeischow author
aDavidDrake author
aAnvithBaddam author
aPoorviL.Vora author
aGangLiang author
aChang-WonPark author
aHaruhikoKojima author
aGiuseppeCastagna author
aChrisC.deVreeze author
aNathanGetrich author
aPeterWegner author
aHassanAet-Kaci author
aPeterWenke author
aDouglasH.Norrie author
aPawelMarks author
aStefanoValtolina author
aChoudurLakshminarayan author
aEnriqueLopezdeLaraGutierrez author
aJoeNarita author
aM.P.Gupta author
aRegisSaint-Paul author
aRichardS.Brice author
aEserKandogan author
aGustavoE.A.P.A.Batista author
aS.SathiyaKeerthi author
aMarcSobel author
aChenghuZhou author
aStanislavTrubin author
aHeineKolltveit author
aS.Bae author
aNobuyukiChikada author
aLonA.Smith author
aOliverGenther author
aAtsushiHatakeyama author
aWenshengWu author
aVoon-FeeYong author
aVilemVychodil author
aCeciliaIonita author
aMarinoLinajeTrigueros author
aMichalTvarozek author
aNorlizaMohd-Nasir author
aAndresMicsik author
aPauloLeme author
aJoseCarlosRamalho author
aXiaomingLiu author
aRayL.Murray author
aDavidA.Smith author
aJianwuYang author
aLinLi author
aDavidK.Jefferson author
aHimawanGunadhi author
aSimonaMancas author
aNickHatzigeorgiu author
aNikolaosSidiropoulos author
aEugeneS.McVey author
aShih-FuChang author
aTatsuyaSuda author
aMatsDanielson author
aYvesChiaramella author
aHubertusHohl author
aS.Meienberg author
aNursuriatiJamil author
aHugoFuks author
aKankanahalliSrinivas author
aM.G.Martynov author
aChristopherM.Gold author
vSpatio-TemporalReasoning conf
aMatthewMcGranaghan author
aAlbertZ.Guttenberg author
aPeterA.Whigham author
aHarishChandraKarnatak author
aDanielleJ.Marceau author
aPaolaMagillo author
aValerieNoyon author
aPeterFettke author
aMaurizioRafanelli author
aSylvainLagrue author
aKamelBarkaoui author
aIvoVondrek author
aHartmutSalzwedel author
aIngridM.Walter author
aCyrGabinBassolet author
aShermannS.-M.Chan author
aFanyuanMa author
aKunqingXie author
aPrashantJ.Shenoy author
aDongYi-sheng author
aJohnKeenleyside author
aJiandanZheng author
aHo-KongNg author
aMei-PoKwan author
aBrianDobing author
aM.K.Serour author
aAtishP.Sinha author
aEdmundKazmierczak author
aK.A.Kaufman author
aDavidScottGerstl author
aVirachSornlertlamvanich author
aP.W.ChandanaPrasad author
aYuxinWang author
aBiaoChen author
aLihyuarnL.Chang author
aDanielS.Whelan author
aDavidA.Maluf author
aFlorianKerschbaum author
aAlfredoDeSantis author
aGiovanniMella author
aMarkusWagner0002 author
aJackFu author
aC.Anantaram author
aZlatkoZlatev author
aJoseEnriqueArmenderiz-Ieigo author
aBenjaminHabegger author
aChristineNeuwirth author
aTadHogg author
aHao-weiHsieh author
aDavidE.Millard author
aHenryW.JonesIII author
aMarinaMoscarini author
aChristophSchuler author
aBenjaminA.Schmit author
aXiangshangLi author
aMasahiroWatanabe author
aXuehuaShen author
aAnandRajaraman author
aM.RandalMacBlane author
aAnastasiosIoannidis author
aMichaelHinz author
aTakehiroTokuda author
aM.Baetens author
aGiovanniToffettiCarughi author
aR.G.G.Cattell author
aJaumeSistac author
aJosephRyan author
aViswanathPoosala author
aTimes-TenTeam author
aChristianThomsen author
aPirjoRonkainen author
aAlbertBifet author
aMichaelReinicke author
aYlvaBrandt author
aKennethA.Kaufman author
aThomasList author
aWalterHeberle author
aVeroniqueBenzaken author
vWorkshopDataMiningundDataWarehousing conf
aHerbertFurumoto author
aElkeHickethier author
aFritzKreckeberg author
aYonggwanWon author
aFrinaAlbertyn author
aMickKerrigan author
aMinChen author
aAlanF.Karr author
aK.JoMin author
aJeffDePree author
aMarkGahegan author
aChristosNikolaou author
aNelkisdelaOrdenMedina author
aSamuelR.deSalesCampos author
aMarinaTeresaPiresVieira author
vKDMCD conf
aFrederikZimmer author
aAlexanderLeser author
aSofiaAlexaki author
aCristianoMaciel author
aSachikoYoshihama author
aNiloyGanguly author
aUpkarVarshney author
aAndersMeller author
aKeithWagner author
aSujeevanAseervatham author
aNathanielGood author
aRenataVieira author
aJulienVelcin author
aXinPei author
aZeeshanSardar author
aAlexanderBilke author
aSoujanyaVadapalli author
aDavidMutchler author
aAnh-TuanTran author
aIsmailcemBudakArpinar author
aKarenBotnich author
aRandalC.Burns author
aSuresha author
aMinLi author
aLinhaoXu author
aYoung-RaeCho author
aDavidChiu author
aGuyFerran author
aNevanaKatic author
aErrolChopping author
aY.Shanzhen author
aMirenI.Bagees author
aL.EdwinMcKenzie author
aMustaqueAhamad author
aAndreAssimacopoulos author
aNicoleDufournaud author
aMattJones author
aYongZhang author
aSeongjinKim author
aSatyendraP.Rana author
aJohnWarfield author
aMathiasBull author
aBhavaniRaskutti author
aZhulinLi author
aChi-YaoTseng author
aZehangSun author
aNgaT.Nguyen author
aHarryHalpin author
aLipyeowLim author
aYipuWu author
aAndrasFeher author
aMinSong author
aCarloSiciliano author
aEdwardW.Winters author
aVladGorelik author
vELSNETSummerSchool conf
aJennStringer author
aFloraP.McMartin author
aDrorG.Feitelson author
aSuzanneLiebowitzTaylor author
aMostafaA.Bassiouni author
aPeterNorak author
aJoseA.Blakeley author
aXiaZhang author
aXinjianGu author
aKeithWaclena author
aSnehasisMukhopadhyay author
aStephenFerguson author
aYasarTonta author
aSureshK.Bhavnani author
aMarianneOrme author
aKennethD.Crews author
aYunjieXu author
aPaulJen-HwaHu author
aBeomsooPark author
aAnandNatarajan author
aMaryStrickler author
aFangQiu author
aVolkerGersabeck author
aChuanjunLi author
aKfirZigdon author
aKathyZeidenstein author
aSusanneBusse author
aSamSiewert author
aChye-LinChee author
aBinYu author
aGiuseppeAntognoni author
aHarleyR.Myler author
aNaftalyH.Minsky author
aFranciscoSanchez-Cid author
aKristofVerpoorten author
aFebioSoaresSilva author
aYasminaMaezi author
aStevenA.Battle author
aVladimirPestov author
aHodongYoo author
aBrianFrew author
aJulieBorsack author
aChristianM.Strohmaier author
aSergeiM.Soubbotin author
aRobertStretgen author
aBerbelRipplinger author
aPatrickSeguela author
aMichaelNossal author
aPrabirBhattacharya author
aDevidSiklesi author
aSimonFong author
aBarbaraR.Barricelli author
aOwenMolloy author
aQiujuLee author
aR.Gadh author
aVamsiParuchuri author
aManuelMall author
aBerndKrieg-Breckner author
aStephenN.Zilles author
aW.MichaelMcCracken author
aTanerYildirim author
aIsmailA.Taha author
aJuan-CarlosJusem author
aPaoloGarza author
aRajiGhawi author
aDeqianYan author
aKungChen author
aSungMinBae author
aCurtZiniel author
aRonLi author
aTimothyL.Nyerges author
aHimanshuJoshi author
aCarstenBlecken author
aIvyKwok author
aFosterProvost author
aGholamrezaNakhaeizadeh author
aLanceParsons author
aTanyaClement author
aYanjiangYang author
aPavolZavarsky author
aHaixuanYang author
aTakuyaKatayama author
aDinoPedreschi author
aAndreaTagarelli author
aYingZhao author
aA.WinsorBrown author
aThomasK.Landauer author
aWaldemarW.Koczkodaj author
aNaciIshakbeyoglu author
aRichardJeffers author
aHaimKaplan author
aJ.Rohmer author
aMihaiPreda author
aTakayukiKuroda author
aHenriqueLopesCardoso author
aYangLiu author
aPrabuddhaDe author
aMostafaH.Ammar author
aChangLi author
aJ.GregHanson author
aLeiZhu author
aSandraHeiler author
aSoniaBerman author
aDanielT.Schuh author
aAndersonWai author
aChaoyingMa author
aDieterDodenheft author
aCarlotaRodreguez author
aJorgeLloret author
aStephaneFaulkner author
aKeizoSaisho author
aStephenJohnTurner author
aMarceloCampo author
aYongsunChoi author
aP.Krishna author
aNaveenAshish author
aStavrosPapastavrou author
aAthinaMouzaki author
aMartinHofmann0002 author
aStefanSiersdorfer author
aYao-NanLien author
aAndreasLeneburg author
aJoostN.Kok author
aRobertoR.F.Mendes author
aSarathIndrakanti author
aWeihaiYu author
aJackieArchibald author
aBingningDai author
aMauriceD.Mulvenna author
aAbdullahNaralan author
aThomasZwahr author
aJaimeG.Carbonell author
aLiTang author
aHirofumiYamamoto author
aJiangchuanLiu author
aFabioPippolini author
aMarioTerranova author
aHansjergFromm author
aDevavratShah author
aMingwuZhang author
aZografoulaVagena author
aJavierLorenzo author
aFrancescaDemichelis author
aColinCooper author
aMichaelWurst author
aJamesRichardson author
aEricY.Cheng author
aMichaelFurman author
aYaronKanza author
aEilaKuikka author
aTien-FuChen author
aLauraA.Granka author
aLudoWaltman author
aB.Wiesner author
aToshiakiOkawara author
aIssamA.R.Moghrabi author
aThomasKahabka author
aFrankWietek author
aChowdhuryFarhanAhmed author
aKeXu author
aChih-ChongLee author
aIsseiSato author
aWeiWei author
aAmynmohamedRajan author
aHenryC.Lefkovits author
aWaheedQureshi author
aMichaelL.Heytens author
aThomasdeRidder author
aMichaelSchiwietz author
aSiobhenNorth author
aWladyslawHomenda author
aZhangMingyi author
aM.SusanBloor author
aChristosA.Polyzois author
aVolkerLinnemann author
aChirineGhedira author
aPaoloFrasconi author
aHrvojeSimic author
aA.L.Lambiris author
aGretchenBarbatsis author
aJohnMelas author
aKariLaasonen author
aMichelMenard author
aJayaprakashPisharath author
aChunyueWang author
aIrinaTrubitsyna author
aMarcoMaggini author
aIllhoiYoo author
aTomofumiNakano author
aJianmingYong author
aNathanRountree author
aRobertIvorJohn author
aBalakrishnanPrabhakaran author
aKarolGilarski author
aHuaizhongKou author
aSteveWalker author
aMauroMosconi author
aGiustinaSecundo author
aDavidSchlangen author
aSebastienFerre author
aAndrewL.Wendelborn author
aSantoshDwivedi author
aBertvandenAkker author
aTakeshiFushimi author
aMasahideNaruse author
aKuo-HungHuang author
aAnthonyY.Fu author
aDenisA.Nicole author
aJohanVersendaal author
aPeterBielkowicz author
aHojungCha author
aPeterA.Ng author
aMinqiZhou author
aChong-SunHwang author
aDongseopKwon author
aManuelMedina author
aBodoRandt author
aJean-HenryMorin author
aS.Lemire author
aIanParsons author
aDirkLabudde author
aJacobWieland author
aManuelCaeiro author
aVetczslavMaixner author
aLarryE.Stanfel author
aNaonoriUeda author
aKanadDixit author
aCorneliusRabsch author
aMatthewO.Ward author
aSethJ.White author
aJenniferL.Beckmann author
aM.Korver author
aPhilippePicouet author
aQinWang author
aDavidNgoChekLing author
aAkiraMaeda author
aAndreasW.Neumann author
aDavidW.Archer author
aIsabelCafezeiro author
aVictorMaojo author
aFabrizioVerroca author
aAlexanderA.Morgan author
aAnnMarks author
aKai-TakLam author
aHarumiKawashima author
aFarukPolat author
aYujiuYang author
aDarenYu author
aDominiqueGay author
aDaikiMasumoto author
aS.D.Gottfredson author
aHanminJung author
aMayKatzen author
aShumingShi author
aXueyingWang author
aChengThao author
aJimDuggan author
aMichaelGould author
aMarioMeirelesTeixeira author
aVineciusLopesRodrigues author
aWitoldStaniszkis author
aNguyenHoanPhuc author
aFrankManola author
aKwangsubJeong author
aMichaelJohnson author
aMarcGyssens author
aArunK.Thakore author
aR.Gates author
aMarcosAntonioVazSalles author
aJohnPaulSondag author
aDenilsonBarbosa author
aWai-YipLin author
aChiasenChung author
aHeeseokLee author
aVolkerGaede author
aLupingDing author
aDanFishman author
aFrankKorzeniewski author
aRuthKistler author
aOscarE.Landes author
aStefanoDeFrancisci author
aRaghuMachiraju author
aWeiLin author
aYufengKou author
aAndreaMazzoni author
aDennisVaccaro author
aTancredLindholm author
aGekhanezhan author
aAntonioMana author
aGentherKolar author
aYapingZhu author
aThanarukTheeramunkong author
aWenliangChen author
aYuchiLiu author
aLeSun author
aWenweiTan author
aMun-KewLeong author
aScottMiller author
aC.Burke author
aKyoungMinKim author
aKazumiSaito author
aCenLi author
aWernerE.Kluge author
aHans-OttoLeilich author
aTakayukiTamura author
aRogerZhang author
aStefaniaCostache author
aRinawati author
aDavidWilliamPearson author
aJean-ChristopheBottraud author
aIdirChibane author
aPatrickParoubek author
aAlexandreS.Saidi author
aMathiasGery author
aAdityaKumarSehgal author
aHong-PaoShi author
aBrianFox author
aHansFriedrichWitschel author
aThomasA.Nartker author
aMarcDamashek author
aAlessandroVespignani author
aQingqingGan author
aSrujanaMerugu author
aCharisErmopoulos author
aAvleenSinghBijral author
aXiaotongShen author
aVirgilD.Gligor author
aStanislawRomanski author
aDanielGoldschmidt author
aPremkumarT.Devanbu author
aJean-YvesLeBoudec author
aArnaldoDiasBelchior author
aOlgaKapitskaia author
aDongmingLiang author
aIn-SookPark author
aCarlosSoles author
aPhilippeFuttersack author
aLoriA.Clarke author
aAshokMalhotra author
aH.Eidnes author
aNicolasRicher author
aErikVoges author
aA.PereiraPaz author
aRajkumarBuyya author
aChia-JungChen author
aBirBhanu author
aTakahiroKawashige author
aIstvanBeszteri author
aRobertoDeVirgilio author
aPauloSantos author
aTrungNguyen author
aHakanAksoy author
aRussellAng author
aHenryN.Jerez author
aSamHalioris author
aCristianPerezdeLaborda author
aAlejandroJaimes author
aChien-ChihYu author
aX.Y.Wang author
aMarcJ.vanKreveld author
aYvenJ.Garcea author
aKarstenDraba author
aWeiDai author
aAbhimanyuLad author
aKee-WookRim author
aCarlosA.CoelloCoello author
aTaghiM.Khoshgoftaar author
aHaiyingHuang author
aXiaoqianJiang author
aPeiLi author
aYantaoPan author
aLiCao author
aXiaobingYang author
aMarlonNeeez author
aYongtianYang author
aYidanBao author
aFanshengKong author
aYanZhang author
aLiWei author
aVicenteCasado author
aDanielPoulin author
aMichaelPonader author
aJ.M.Kemeny author
vFDT-BulletinofACMSIGMOD conf
aL.Cohn author
aT.WilliamOlle author
aMing-TzungDung author
aDennisK.J.Lin author
aRobertM.Colomb author
aRobertG.Reynolds author
aJarkkoKari author
aWooseobJeong author
aShanaR.Ponelis author
aJianYin author
aHuaSoonSim author
aCharlesGarrod author
aDanielJ.Abadi author
aJackKent author
aJacobStein author
aJimM.Rodrigue author
aSudarshanS.Chawathe author
aXiaojingYuan author
aYuanLi author
aIstvanP.Orci author
aGiuseppeAttardi author
aSteveGriffiths author
aNicolaFiore author
aSusanMichalak author
aYee-WaiSim author
aTrinitarioMartenez author
aPerAnkerJensen author
aFrankLegler author
aClaudiaPons author
aHans-JergenAppelrath author
aRicardaWeber author
aClaus-PeterKlas author
aNoelE.O'Connor author
aVictorS.Sheng author
aWuWang author
aMohdSyazwanAbdullah author
aYuan-ChiChang author
aGuidoBlees author
aDuQ.Huynh author
aShintaroMeki author
aTakeoNakano author
aJ.-F.Hue author
aFilizEyupoglu author
vRIDE-ADS conf
aHaojinWang author
aShigeichiHirasawa author
aSabahS.Al-Fedaghi author
aHenderikAlexProper author
aParaskevasEvripidou author
aChengZheng author
aMichaelSkusa author
aZoltenPorkoleb author
aPetrKotesek author
aP.R.Dixon author
aL.Lobash author
aKun-HsiuTsai author
aSeung-ShikKang author
aMasaruSuzuki author
aAlexanderHaubold author
aYannisS.Avrithis author
aBerntSchiele author
aJuliaVogel author
aWei-HaoLin author
aJanetA.Walz author
aCaoD.Nguyen author
aLarsKulik author
aSiau-ChengKhoo author
aPeterWilkins author
aJonathanKoren author
aIlkkaSalminen author
aPurnimaChandrasekaran author
aTedMeyer author
aAndrewWestlake author
aSeniaFernandesSilva author
aSoonAeChun author
aGiancarloMartella author
aJacquesLonchamp author
aWernherBehrendt author
aA.Narayanan author
aS.Venkadesan author
aShimpeiOgawa author
aKunihiroChihara author
aMartinSachs author
aJ.Boyle author
aRinkalPatel author
aSteveSelvaggio author
aCindaHeeren author
aChristineJulien0002 author
aJunIshikawa author
aWilliamE.Freeman author
aJeremyL.Mineweaser author
aManishAgarwal author
aJeanneBehnke author
aMarekRusinkiewicz author
aE.Badescu author
aRamanaVenkata author
aYunchuanZhang author
aCarlosCuervoMartenez author
aHele-MaiHaav author
aGilRegev author
aKlausP.Jantke author
aMicheldeRougemont author
aDanielL.Stern author
aDennisDeCoste author
aDejanDiklic author
aYingYang author
aRahulShah author
aAbhijitKadlag author
aAliCakmak author
aLiDong author
aHassanShahizan author
aFrankMcCown author
aGretePasch author
aAmyChang author
aAntonyCorfield author
aMichaelBranstein author
aY.-S.Park author
aChangqingLi author
aKuoZhang author
aJ.ScottOlsson author
aJ.ScottMcCarley author
aMilenKouylekov author
aVittorioLoreto author
aDianaSantos author
aJae-wookAhn author
aSharonE.Dennis author
aCatherineLai author
aM.IbrahimSezan author
aJoanneKaczmarek author
aVimlaL.Patel author
aL.Andreev author
aFilipedeSeMesquita author
aStinaWestman author
aYueXu author
aElonaChudobkaite author
aRobbieDeSutter author
aKaisKhrouf author
aAlaaHalawani author
aMarkEveringham author
aNahumKiryati author
aAlexeiYavlinsky author
aMerioJ.Silva author
aJochenHollmann author
aTeongJooOng author
aJeffreyBaumes author
aPairoteSattayatham author
aErwanQuesseveur author
aStefanTai author
aDong-HoLee author
aStefanSchredl author
aCristianaLarizza author
aRichardJ.Bolton author
aSofiaPediaditaki author
aXiaodongZhou author
aZviM.Kedem author
aYanleiDiao author
aArnabNandi author
aS.BingYao author
aShantanuJoshi author
aNaotoOhki author
aRenguoXiaou author
aCyrilBoucher author
aHailongWang author
aManuelZahariev author
aJamesL.Clark author
aDumindaWijesekera author
aIraS.Moskowitz author
aJaimeA.Pavlich-Mariscal author
aChananGlezer author
aClausRinner author
aSatoruHirabayashi author
aSheelaRamanna author
aGiladMishne author
aKaraneVieira author
aMassimilianoCiaramita author
aCraigG.Parker author
aHarrieC.M.deSwart author
aDjamelMehira author
aTakW.Yan author
aPeiHsia author
aK.V.S.Ramarao author
aTeruhisaHochin author
aAlexanderSlobodianik author
aMeiLi author
aYonglongLuo author
aGuoliangChen author
aXiaoqingLi author
aZhangDaping author
aJesperThorhauge author
aSteenGundersborg author
aLuizFernandoBessaSeibel author
aSimoneDinizJunqueiraBarbosa author
aMahmutT.Kandemir author
aDaveLiles author
aDidierDubois author
aAntonJ.Nederhof author
aToddIngalls author
aEvangelosE.Milios author
aDavidB.Parrish author
aSusanaB.Martins author
aFernandodeFerreiraRezende author
aBodoRieger author
aGeorgianedeSeOliveira author
aDunrenChe author
aShmuelT.Klein author
aJosephJ.Pollock author
aHubertE.Dunsmore author
aJ.T.Foote author
vMIRO conf
aFraneoisYvon author
aVictorCarneiro author
aMortezaAnaloui author
aMariedesJardins author
aDae-KiKang author
aJa-HwungSu author
aHongboShi author
aBadrishChandramouli author
aShoichiYamazaki author
aZhijunWang author
aVinodMuthusamy author
aSoroushSedaghat author
aDanLin author
aChuckBaldwin author
aA.Godse author
aLjiljanaBrankovic author
aAndrzejCzyzewski author
aJoAnneYates author
aKwok-ChungAu author
aSamuelLeung author
aCheolwonLee author
aBelentYener author
aMarkAdkins author
aMarkK.Goldberg author
aRossGayler author
aMarioGomez author
aLeslieCooper author
aPaoloTerenziani author
aMichaelLaszlo author
aJensLufter author
aAntjeDesterheft author
aJen-ShinHong author
aA.Mendelev author
aGregorEngels author
aMicheleMelchiori author
aBertholdReinwald author
aFatmaOzcan author
aJonSaltzman author
aJairoFranciscodeSouza author
aHansAlbrechtSchmid author
aJennieRogers author
aStavrosHarizopoulos author
aGenterR.Koch author
aHelgaDuarte author
aJohnCardiff author
aJae-GilLee author
aElizabethChang author
aRupertSchmutzer author
aJianHu author
aWilliamJ.O'Brien author
aLihuiLin author
aJung-YiJiang author
aYu-ChiWu author
aPatrickCasadessus author
aPascalPoncelet author
aCliffordGrossner author
aMarcoPadula author
aSvatavaMachova author
aWilliamKuan author
aElliotCole author
aJ.Svarc author
aCeciliaM.A.Oberhofer author
aAndrewLarge author
aBernd-JergenFalkowski author
aJuditBar-Ilan author
aMargaretK.Butler author
aDianTjondronegoro author
aHaiJin author
aZhongSu author
aJianwenChen author
aParthaDasgupta author
aJeromeA.Rolia author
aYvonneCoady author
aPhillipdeSouza author
aAndrewD.Marshall author
aGabrielIszlai author
aBabakEsfandiari author
aLaiXu author
aSeungHwanRyu author
aMohammedBennamoun author
aTongshengChu author
aDerekWright author
aRenataP.M.Fortes author
aJeffreyP.Bigham author
aDae-JoonHwang author
aJeremeDarmont author
aNarinderSingh author
aMinoruUehara author
aPhilippBostan author
aPatrickD.Miles author
aDoVanThanh author
aVeroniqueStephan author
aHerveMuyal author
aNobuoHori author
aCraigA.Lindley author
aJeffGaynor author
aDonaldByrd author
aTraugottKoch author
aKostasSaidis author
aJehadNajjar author
aMichaelKraxner author
aPabloGervesGemez-Navarro author
aJoseManuelBarruecoCruz author
aJuanM.Cordero author
aManfredBortenschlager author
aHsien-DaHuang author
aAralEge author
aEliezerKantorowitz author
aWaiYinMok author
aPak-KeungCheung author
aTsang-HsiangCheng author
aThomasHilton author
aNormanH.White author
aSudhirK.Arora author
aMiguelRodreguezLuaces author
aBjornKrellner author
aManuelaPopescu author
aFranciscoRamos author
aWongKokSeng author
aCurtisWong author
aJianchunFan author
aLiviuIftode author
aDavidChenhoKung author
aVesaTorvinen author
aB.Chandra author
aOscarNierstrasz author
aZudeLi author
aZhengYunPan author
aSiyangZhao author
aJuhoRousu author
aAnjaSchanzenberger author
aYeGuo author
aJiangangYi author
aQipingHu author
aMarcoDegemmis author
aL.Ramkumar author
aKarlHahn author
aShih-WenChiang author
aVictoriaKiricenko author
aIsabelleRouvellou author
aIvarJacobson author
aPeterHolm author
aXiao-DongHu author
aSvenGroppe author
aVincentEnglebert author
aZbigniewDuszak author
aMarcSeutter author
aDavidWolber author
aJudithBayardCushing author
aJoseLuisAmbite author
aYoshikaneTakahashi author
aLuigiDragone author
aRaviJanardan author
aMuratDundar author
aPasiFrenti author
aJuanD.Velesquez author
aYinChen author
aMamoruIwabuchi author
aGeneMajor author
aE.K.Park author
aRaviKothari author
aChangHuang author
aKaiPuolameki author
aIoannisKoltsidas author
aKristofferHegsbroRose author
aWilliamI.Grosky author
aLeszleKovecs author
aViorelDumitru author
aDanAuld author
aChristianYndigegn author
aIditKeidar author
aNayeemIslam author
aPing-KuenChen author
aChin-HuiLee author
aMarkThurmond author
aEyadHaj-Said author
aThomasBirkland author
aJerzyW.Jaromczyk author
aRodrigoGiacominiMoro author
aJoseValdenideLima author
vExpDB conf
aBjerneerJensson author
aBeverlyYang author
aThomasSchwarz author
aGeorgiaKoloniari author
aReneLenaers author
aFumihikoKamijo author
aRobertHall author
aSrivatsanLaxman author
aMichaelC.Fairhurst author
aJasleenKaur author
aAndreaTironi author
aEdmondLau author
aLathaS.Colby author
aAndreaCale author
aMarcCromme author
aAlexParamythis author
aHaiderRizvi author
aKurtW.Deschler author
aAhmetCosar author
aChunTang author
aPrakashRamanan author
aXuanZheng author
aHaojunWang author
aGeorgeP.Copeland author
aJosephGil author
aChrisD.Marlin author
aJieCheng author
aToshiakiFujiki author
aSchubertFoo author
aJasonJ.Jung author
aJudsonFortner author
aPatriciaM.West author
aJosephJoy author
aStefanoMonti author
aYonghuaiLiu author
aOliverKersting author
aSimoPulkkinen author
aMarie-JoBellosta author
aJonHowell author
aXavierBlondel author
aSusanSpence author
aAndersLindstrem author
aMaryF.Fernandez author
aTimKempster author
aGeraldJ.Popek author
aParag author
aTakenoriMakino author
aDimitrisAchlioptas author
aBrianGarner author
aHiromitsuShimakawa author
aKaduoHiraki author
aBradPerry author
aUrsDerig author
aJianminWang author
aT.Wattarujeekrit author
aCraigG.Nevill-Manning author
aEdwardKeiShiuHo author
aM.Reilly author
aJamesB.Cole author
aAnaBelenBarragens-Martenez author
aAshishVirmani author
aFabienMathieu author
aLi-QunChen author
aYunpengZhao author
aHongTran author
aDouglasR.Bloch author
aGianluigiCaldiera author
aZhiweiXu author
aGuilianWang author
aAlexanderV.Smirnov author
aStephenE.Dossick author
aKushalThakore author
aJoachimBaumann author
aRoelofvanZwol author
aIngmarRauschert author
aRenevanOostrum author
aPabloJ.Garces author
aKarenM.Drabenstott author
aClaudiaHauff author
aKwokKeeWei author
aFrankThomsonLeighton author
aMartinvandenBerg author
aVeclavLen author
aTakeharuEda author
aJosephFaletti author
aJunMiyazaki author
aRogerSchwarz author
aOjelankiK.Ngwenyama author
aA.T.Arampatzis author
aH.R.Park author
aKareemElGebaly author
aMatthiasBender author
aVincenzoNicosia author
aJi-WoongChang author
aAbdelghaniRidaoui author
aHai-PingKo author
aAnderdeKeijzer author
aXiaoFengWang author
aMarthaE.Williams author
aBrunoForte author
aMichalShmueli-Scheuer author
aJonathanL.Elsas author
aJianhuaYang author
aBlazZupan author
aScottKrieger author
aRattapoomTuchinda author
aHyunjoonJung author
aDeepakKolippakkam author
aLian-HeongChua author
aHsiang-AnWang author
aWenleiMao author
aRosalindW.Picard author
aHans-PeterFrei author
aRajGopalPrasadKantamneni author
aEvgeniyGabrilovich author
aIngoGleckner author
aAlinCeausu author
aDaniloGiampiccolo author
aPierreWolper author
aRadaChirkova author
aTimS.Leask author
aKoichiroOchimizu author
aBarbaraWeber author
aSooyoungYoo author
aDebmalyaBiswas author
aChunhengWang author
aDavidWang author
aMalikaMahoui author
aAirongJiang author
aTaejuneHwang author
aNorasyikinBinteAhmadIsmail author
aRichardBache author
aFrancescoBergadano author
aKunihikoToumura author
aZhonghuaYang author
aYanxiangHe author
aBinWu author
aBrianGallagher author
aKristinaStripling author
aJingJiang author
aNongZhou author
aM.FatihDemirci author
aAldoBrucale author
aChristineJ.Sandom author
aRalphEwerth author
aLeventeKovecs author
aFeiyangYu author
aEoinMcLoughlin author
aJun-LinLin author
aMojganKowsari author
aPaulF.Wilms author
aRinaPanigrahy author
aPiotrWieczorek author
aSubirK.Biswas author
aErnestoDamiani author
aLeylaKazemi author
aBinLin author
aTravisRichardson author
aPhilipCotter author
aBonnieWebber author
aPavelB.Dobrokhotov author
aPhilippeMulhem author
aMiroslawBober author
aIngemarJ.Cox author
aPatrickMin author
aMarkD.Dunlop author
aJimmyLin author
aChristopherFry author
aLorraineNormore author
aYiChan author
aL.I.Mercz author
aMountazZizi author
aJ.MichaelMistrot author
aAllanBorodin author
aAndreasDieberger author
aNancyMulvany author
aXue-MeiJiang author
aTrevorStrohman author
aV.FinleyLacatusu author
aFazliCan author
aMarcSpaniol author
aJoaquenEntrialgo author
aBerndSimon author
aSachioHirokawa author
aGraceW.Rumantir author
aHejinYuan author
aHongxingHe author
aPaulJ.Kennedy author
aDanielS.Weld author
aYingguangLi author
aEvanP.Harris author
aCharlesL.Viles author
aAlbertMoKimCheng author
aAnnaLiu author
aHarveyJ.Miller author
aShinichiMorishita author
aAronInger author
aIchigakuTakigawa author
aIraklisA.Klampanos author
aIadhOunis author
aEui-KyuPark author
aSeanRice author
aQiLi author
aGeoffHulten author
aBoLong author
aNazimH.Madhavji author
aJoanBoone author
aWai-HangPoon author
aClaudeSeyrat author
aGiedriusSlivinskas author
aDoronCohen author
aK.ChidanandaGowda author
aYohanSupangat author
aJeong-MokYoo author
aMotoshiSaeki author
aMohamedDahchour author
aJosep-LluisLarriba-Pey author
aSong-YangLao author
aEngKoonSze author
aDongLi author
aBaohuaZhao author
aZhongnanZhang author
aYuanShi author
aSung-kwanJe author
aWenyuQu author
aKrassimirT.Atanassov author
aPabloGaldemez author
aPanagiotisGouvas author
aRobertJ.Walker author
aQingChen author
aCarolynB.Seaman author
aJensH.Jahnke author
aDavidGrove author
aMosheKrieger author
aAlanT.Yaung author
aUlrichNorbisrath author
aYijunYu author
aJasonM.Carter author
aJergBurmeister author
aRickKazman author
aMarkMoir author
aRobertB.Stam author
aAlokSrivastava author
aRobertoPrevete author
aChengcuiZhang author
aWoon-HakKang author
aDapengLiu author
aAravindK.Joshi author
aTassosArgyros author
aGregRidgeway author
aAlbertoDamiano author
aErlendTessebro author
aDaveFuhrman author
aMartinPeim author
aMikePost author
aKeSun author
aK.P.Unnikrishnan author
aEmmanuelMeller author
aKazuhideFukushima author
aLucaBuriano author
aKentaOku author
aYunjunGao author
aRahulSingh author
aStevenH.Spewak author
aTakeshiFukuda author
aPaulDouglas author
aJulienLafaye author
aTorbenWeibert author
aRanjitAbbadasari author
aD.Wei author
aJunKong author
aJaneSolomon author
aHeechangShin author
aNataliyaRassadko author
aAmandaClare author
aTaoLuo author
aTimFurche author
aKrishnaPrasadChitrapura author
aZhuopengFeng author
aDimitrisK.Tasoulis author
aShuzhenNong author
aPhilipChan author
aEhteshamHaque author
aKejiaZhang author
aTetsuyaIshikawa author
aInes-A.Busch-Lauer author
aLuesG.Rueda author
aDanielThalmann author
aChaoukiDaassi author
aBrandonPollet author
aAlanDowning author
aMarcosR.Vieira author
aStephenC.Graham author
aAndreGomesdeSousa author
aMauriciRuiz author
aAndreasAbecker author
aHermannBeckle author
aThomasFessl author
aA.RogerKaye author
aJian-TaoSun author
aPaavoKotinurmi author
aSamuelWang author
aYutakaKidawara author
aGuillemRull author
aChristopherJ.Matheus author
aYih-TsungChiang author
aPeterKist author
aM.Busillo author
aMircoNanni author
aJ.A.Bakker author
aTaoJiang author
aWilsonX.Wen author
aJae-dongLee author
aJinShuiChen author
aWenyongWang author
aYuqiLiang author
aDrewDitto author
aXiaoleiLi author
aRogerBamford author
aIsraelGold author
aHarmvanderLek author
aPaulG.Sorenson author
aYanZeng author
aVitaveskaLanfranchi author
aKrishnanRamanathan author
aMariaTaboada author
vDBTest conf
aDavidGodwin author
aSandyLiu author
aShauchiOng author
aDavidJ.Taylor author
aJoachimHerbst author
aDarrellWhitley author
aCheng-YueChang author
aXavierSoinard author
aMarcTeboulle author
aRiittaAlkula author
aEllenHoffman author
aIvanKopecek author
aAntenioCosta author
aLeslyHuxley author
aJidongWang author
aChunShengLi author
aXiangmingMu author
aChaitanBaru author
aDongshengWang author
aYuetingZhuang author
aShipengYu author
aKasparGiger author
aJohnFarhat author
aPhilipTomlinson author
aRayJ.Paul author
aKiYongLee author
aTaiT.Do author
aJ.Bendavid author
aJeffreyT.Kreulen author
aMarioPaolucci author
aR.N.Uma author
aOliveraMarjanovic author
aTakashiWatanabe author
aKandaRunapongsa author
aStephanBreutel author
aMohanTanniru author
aVeli-PekkaTahvanainen author
aStephanVornholt author
aNicholasJ.Webb author
aR.Gupta author
aHidekiHayashi author
aGeorgTreu author
aDenisCaromel author
aYuichiMitsudo author
aMargaridaF.Jacome author
aHao-PingHung author
aHaraldKaada author
aQiaomingZhu author
aEloiL.Favero author
aAlexandreBerred author
aDakshiAgrawal author
aM.A.Merzbacher author
aJonathanE.Cook author
aWilliamEquitz author
aLinusW.Kwong author
aYoungjuSon author
aSamirGoel author
aLeoDorst author
aPetraDrescher author
aRalfJungclaus author
aThomasLukasiewicz author
aW.KevinWilkinson author
aS.Buroff author
aAkiraHattori author
aAliInan author
aAlbertoMontresor author
aDavidW.Chadwick author
aAnnaZych author
aJarrellannFilsinger author
aJohnE.Dobson author
aMasashiToyoda author
aJesesBarrasaRodreguez author
aXuedongHuang author
aXianWu author
aDietmarSeipel author
vSemanticsinDatabases conf
aFrancoisPinet author
aCindyXinminChen author
aDavidCaduff author
aYugyungLee author
aMariaC.Fernandez author
aAndreLeGrand author
aR.DanielBergeron author
aKerryL.Taylor author
aKurtAckermann author
aAndresFareas author
aMd.MahmudurRahman author
aVincentClaveau author
aYuvalMarton author
aRonaldMorrison author
aHuifengTang author
aGeorgeLepouras author
aRobertLothian author
aIvanBruha author
aMariaHalkidi author
aChristopherLynnes author
aXunTu author
aSergioFreitas author
aYasuhiroYamamoto author
aAlvarodePortugal author
aO-HoonChoi author
aAndreiDamian author
aTianXia author
aAkikoKondo author
aCharlesBenCranston author
vINTEROP conf
aDavidPullar author
aGentherLandgraf author
aAntonVogels author
aChristophRether author
aZhenHuaLiu author
aK.Brown author
aIvanOprencak author
aMartinZirkel author
aMaheswaranSurendra author
aHarshaV.Madhyastha author
aGregorvonBochmann author
vIBMSymposium:DatabaseSystemsofthe90s conf
aFabrizioL.Ricci author
aLindaG.DeMichiel author
aMartinF.vanBommel author
aDannySolomon author
aLotfiA.Zadeh author
aYaacovChoueka author
aJamesR.Driscoll author
aJoongHyukChang author
aDeannaJ.Osman author
aMajigsurenEnkhsaikhan author
aWilsonWong author
aGiuseppeDidone author
aJean-FrancoisTomb author
aClaytonSpringer author
aLisaBallesteros author
aKi-HyungHong author
aVietPhanLuong author
aEberhardStickel author
aWieMingLim author
aJonWhittle author
aGiulianoGaia author
aTerrenceA.Brooks author
aThomasA.Peters author
aMartinFricke author
aMaryEllenC.Sievert author
aM.Jamange author
aKatriKauppinen author
aHuKan author
aPhilipJ.Rallings author
aChia-YoChang author
aC.RobertCarlson author
aHongukWoo author
aDanE.Willard author
aSallyRice author
aAlessandroCucchiarelli author
aSzymonJaroszewicz author
aPeijunShi author
aSendorSzedmek author
aPrashantGandhi author
aRichardB.Bunt author
aJoranSiu author
aJoshuaS.Auerbach author
aGopiK.Attaluri author
aVincentVanDongen author
aJean-PierreCorriveau author
aShiGuangQiu author
aCharlesRanaboldo author
aDavidMiranda author
aManabuKamimura author
aHong-JinPark author
aJorng-TzongHorng author
aYoon-SungChoi author
aNikolaiBuzikashvili author
aLuisArturoFlores author
aAndreasKaltenbrunner author
aAaronBauer author
aShin-yaSato author
aRobertoMaiocchi author
aDianneP.O'Leary author
aLeslieP.Jones author
aKevinC.O'Kane author
aAnniJervelin author
aRobertoBasili author
aAnishJoshi author
aMatthiasOehler author
aBirgitPrell author
aAugustasKligys author
aWolfgangH.Weil author
aMarcoSchaerf author
aRaviB.Konuru author
aMickJ.Jordan author
aStephenBlackburn author
aMichaelJ.Zwilling author
aStevenMunroe author
aJackC.Wileden author
aRobinStanton author
aNilsKnafla author
aArisTsois author
aMiyukiNiwa author
aKaiShen author
aSubbaraoKambhampati author
aJan-MarcoBremer author
aShekharSuman author
aMarcEhrig author
aHasdaiPacheco author
aDouglasP.Metzler author
aAndreasF.Ehmann author
aManuelGenter author
aFredericKoriche author
aDavidMartin author
aW.Kelleher author
aWayneWard author
aDavidThreadgill author
aK.H.Kim author
aValeriaMagalheesPequeno author
aDavidPatricioViscarradelPozo author
aSanKuenCheung author
aTrevorCollins author
aKevinLovette author
aAndreaDirsch-Weigand author
aBaoliLi author
aHorstZuse author
aGauravVijayvargiya author
aTamerKahveci author
aShun'ichiTorii author
aDavidWilhite author
aTapaniSarjakoski author
aLingBian author
aAlfredV.Aho author
aJonathanKlein author
aDavidWenberg author
aRiccardovonVintschger author
aTanmoyDutta author
aS.Revankar author
aKamYungKuan author
aXavierMartorell author
aHowardL.Operowsky author
aLuizaMarijaF.Carneiro-Coffin author
aPauloS.C.Alencar author
vWeb,Web-Services,andDatabaseSystems conf
aJunyaNakayama author
aMonicaLandoni author
aRichGazan author
aSuzetteKeith author
aRobertKrovetz author
aJohnWoodfill author
aTongZhou author
aThomasW.PageJr. author
aDareObasanjo author
aRajivChoudhary author
aKuldeepKarnawat author
aRobertDeLine author
aGailL.Rein author
aEileenM.Trauth author
aYutaOchi author
aMichaelStillger author
aTingLiu author
aSarahCohenBoulakia author
aZhihuiSun author
aJeevanPathuri author
aPierreBazex author
aMarcoGaertler author
aQingshanLuo author
aDanRasmussen author
aWilliKlesgen author
aJacquesPhilippe author
aAlexandrA.Savinov author
aKristinaM.Ropella author
aAchimReiners author
aKurt-UlrichWitt author
aHouriaMihoubi author
aIonStoica author
aPekkaKostamaa author
aMarkA.Roth author
aHonestyC.Young author
aVasilikiKantere author
aYixiuHuang author
aRichardM.Tong author
aApostolosGerasoulis author
aAndreasKoeller author
aBinshanLin author
aYangXiang author
aMarionJ.Ball author
aJohnA.Mess author
aByung-HoonPark author
aDavidM.Fram author
aChumkiBasu author
aEllenSpertus author
aJyi-ShaneLiu author
aGuey-ChingChen author
aChainatWongtapan author
aChangBuJeong author
aNorhaizanMatTalha author
aQinghuLi author
aSuzhenLin author
aRodneyHill author
aPatriciaSimpson author
aJamesE.Gary author
aAndreaJunk author
aPeterN.Creasy author
aWei-PangYang author
aKaikuoXu author
aShuliangWang author
aHaitaoWang author
aZhenfengShao author
aZhijunRong author
aHaijunRen author
aQiheLiu author
aMagaliDuboisset author
aUlrichKuballa author
aJosephTomeh author
aArndG.Grosse author
aMartinWechsler author
aRaghavKaushik author
aM.Wilder author
aDecioFonseca author
aN.Badr author
aNikolaosNanas author
aKatsumiMaruyama author
aKazuoIwano author
aStefanoPaolozzi author
aJ.Sabol author
aEdieM.Rasmussen author
aLynneMcKechnie author
aAnujC.Desai author
aPaulSolomon author
aBirgerHjerland author
aDaniaBilal author
aMarkGirolami author
aStuartDavidson author
aIanSommerville author
aStephanieJ.Cammarata author
aKemalOflazer author
aBinWei author
aAnaCristinaBicharraGarcia author
aShiyongZhang author
aZdenekFabien author
aDanielSenchez author
aCelineRobardet author
aZbigniewWalczak author
aJoshA.Diosomito author
aTianchengLi author
aTorstenSteinbach author
aStephenG.Eick author
aS.Sedillort author
aSeung-KyunHan author
aCurtJ.Ellmann author
aBoYuan author
aFengYu author
aTriasAditya author
aRandolphChung author
aMelissaRadzyminski author
aDavidSchach author
aSusanBrown author
aUnniRavindranathan author
aEdmundLee author
aDaniloFlorissi author
aRayWelland author
aHangT.A.Pham author
aFrancesL.Palacio author
aPatreciaGomesSoares author
aVikkiTang author
aWingLau author
aStephenMarsh author
aJoanC.Bartlett author
aLucianoR.S.deLima author
aEduardoL.G.Escovar author
aKok-LeongOng author
aJustinLuu author
aSylvieGuillaume author
aPetraKralj author
aMasashiYamamuro author
aSunghanBae author
aJunJieFoo author
aAlanHanjalic author
aMohammedAljlayl author
aQiu-XiangLi author
aDanieleHerin author
aAlanCannon author
aLucSchneider author
aChien-TsaiLiu author
aLuisG.Chaboya author
aQianyiGu author
aJunmeiWang author
aWilliamK.Cheung author
aDanSahlin author
aLeoMark author
aFeifeiLi author
aMiHee author
aC.Chew author
aMotoyasuNagata author
aDanieleFrigioni author
aChrisBloor author
aSeiChun author
aXiaYang author
aKfirAnkori author
aByung-TaeJang author
aThomasDevogele author
aMichaelJ.Donahoo author
aJuanManuelDodero author
aArnaudBraun author
aDavidHolmes author
aJiaoTao author
aMarcoCova author
aPaulSchliekelman author
aShiqiangYang author
aOlivierPerrin author
aMaryTorkRoth author
aAmedeaAmbrosetti author
aTirthankarLahiri author
aBjernBlohsfeld author
aRobertW.Taylor author
aQiYang author
aJergSchuler author
aEikoYamamoto author
aTzong-HanTsai author
aPaulPavlidis author
aGaryJ.Nutt author
aClausAagaardPedersen author
aJohnCayley author
aLynnWilcox author
aSeungwonYang author
aRajivKochumman author
aMarloNordt author
aYvesKodratoff author
aQijunChen author
aHanReichgelt author
aStanSzpakowicz author
aOddIvarLindland author
aPhilipGriffiths author
aMargitaAltus author
aCarlaT.L.L.Silva author
aKariSmolander author
aBelkacemSerrour author
aTianleiHu author
aJonathanJ.H.Zhu author
aBarbaraTillett author
aCzeslawDaniowicz author
aEugeneJ.Guglielmo author
aHamdyS.Soliman author
aHuiZhang author
aGeraldJettner author
aCharlesN.Brownstein author
aChunqiangTang author
aAmalPerera author
aZsoltTivadarKardkovecs author
aZacharyEyler-Walker author
aFazelFamili author
aSethRogers author
aMareaAmparoVilaMiranda author
aGeorgeS.Almasi author
aMiyeonKim author
aHimanshuGupta author
aAndreasGirgensohn author
aRichardGreenough author
aMichaelLehr author
aKaticaDimitrova author
aAnneKao author
aRiqiangShan author
aV.Srinivasan author
aDanFrankowski author
aAgusteBardes author
aJergHaist author
aMohammadAlomari author
aPhillipCrews author
aRalphD.Semmel author
aSridharRamaswamy author
aAmbroseLewis author
aDanZiskin author
aJamesJ.Thomas author
aE.Fortunato author
aJimYacabucci author
aD.ScottMackay author
aPaulaB.Hawthorn author
aRefikMolva author
aJiaZhang author
aGregoryHackmann author
aKonstantinosP.Ferentinos author
aHsin-ChangYang author
aKhalidEl-Arini author
aJornLapon author
aAimanHanna author
aRichardL.Wexelblat author
aKamalasenRajalingham author
aCatherineD.McCollum author
aSalvatoreRuggieri author
aHimanshuAgrawal author
aYuSuzuki author
aMartinPotthast author
aJaimeTeevan author
aOzgurBaglioglu author
aSongboTan author
aTsuyoshiKitani author
aOtmarSaal author
aQuanZ.Sheng author
aM.Hatoun author
aStenAndler author
aHeinrichJasper author
aAngelikaReiser author
aZenglinXu author
aLiyinXue author
aKyu-TaeKim author
aPaulM.Rich author
aDanielL.Civco author
aJiyeongLee author
aVioricaBotea author
aF.S.Arpinar author
aShi-MingHuang author
aWolfgangBalzer author
aZhongqiangChen author
aXiLi author
aShivakumarVenkataraman author
aAlfredG.Dale author
aAtsunobuKaminuma author
aBoonThauLoo author
aGaryW.Smith author
aM.-Y.Hu author
aMauricioPapa author
aDavidNochin author
aMoniqueH.Jansen-Vullers author
aJunzhongGu author
aWalterAugsburger author
aJ.Schwab author
aNataliaIvanova author
aS.Viswanathan author
aKlausEcker author
aAntonioG.Lepez-Herrera author
aYoon-ChulChoy author
aJackMinker author
aHansArgenton author
aLinfengLiu author
aLefterisKozanidis author
aRezaHemayati author
aJiaYan author
aTakuyaMaekawa author
aNicolaOnose author
aSimonCourtenage author
aFranciscoAraque author
aDavidO.Holmes author
aRichardM.Jones author
aJohnSchacter author
aBillCrowley author
aChewLikChang author
aErikaS.Grams author
aJoshuaAlspector author
aWilliamM.Pottenger author
aJorisHulstijn author
aRamaniDuraiswami author
aMasoodMasoodian author
aAlazelAcheson author
aRobertEnnals author
aClaudioFratarcangeli author
aAbhayaAsthana author
aKjellBratbergsengen author
aEduardoMeiraPeres author
aVramKouramajian author
aWolfgangKefer author
aYu-CheeTseng author
aRameshBhashyam author
aThielChang author
aIoannaKoffina author
aMeteCelik author
aChrisBailey-Kellogg author
aKatharinaProbst author
aAnettKralisch author
aYanTang author
aRobertaNannucci author
aMikeBurmester author
aArthurCsetenyi author
aConstantinosSpyrou author
aRatvinderSinghGrewal author
aEduardoBezerradaSilva author
aAsterioK.Tanaka author
aG.Poletti author
aYoshifumiSakai author
aShahrulAzmanNoah author
aWaiyawuthEuachongprasit author
aJamesCox author
aLeahE.Steinberg author
aYingWu author
aSaikatMukherjee author
aXiaokuiXiao author
aMarisaS.Viveros author
aDietrichWettschereck author
aGopalRenganathan author
aFilippoMenczer author
aVinayakR.Borkar author
aGideonSchaller author
aJianhuaShao author
aSeyedM.Sedighi author
aGalalGalal author
aFiorenzaSocci author
aGeorgeA.Vouros author
aNadimObeid author
aAhmedA.Rafea author
aHeriRamampiaro author
aTaisookHan author
aMin-WooLee author
aYounghwanLim author
aThomasLegler author
aChristophHagleitner author
aArthurZimek author
aRuiKimura author
aMyriamMencke author
aMariaJoseTrigueiros author
aChuanZhang author
aT.C.Tan author
aM.NarasimhaMurty author
aSteveBridges author
aMariaCarolinaMonard author
aTsuyoshiIde author
aXuequnShang author
aSanjayRanka author
aAslihanCelik author
aAnastasioMolano author
aAgataSavary author
aHowardD.Wactlar author
aWoochunJun author
aZhuofengZhao author
aMarkOsborn author
aAnnitaN.Wilschut author
aAndrewE.Santosa author
aNilsP.Sudmann author
aJohnTurek author
aYoshinoriHara author
aJosephA.Busch author
aYukunCao author
aLeonardoCandela author
aGeorgeL.Benwell author
aBaherA.El-Geresy author
aMarcCardle author
aEbenM.Haber author
aSujeetBanerjee author
aYingXu0002 author
aVenkateshwaranVenkataramani author
aJeffRiihimaki author
aKarlKleissner author
aAnuragGupta author
aEllisE.Chang author
aRitaKovac author
aDerteWittig author
aShekharPradhan author
aB.Leasri author
aAtelachAlemuArgaw author
aNicolasHerve author
aT.Govindaraj author
aYoungS.Han author
aR.Thompson author
aGurmeetSinghManku author
aBharatK.Bhargava author
aKefeiChen author
aUweWloka author
aGordonPratt author
aWilliamNance author
aChrisHarrison author
aDanFrank author
aDavidL.Spooner author
aAybekeAurum author
aHideakiTakeda author
aMaheshV.Joshi author
aMingyingZhao author
aC.PanduRangan author
aGuohuaXu author
aChenxiLin author
aAnilS.Chakravarthy author
aShlomoArgamon author
aKathyPierson author
aFrancaDebole author
aMinyiGuo author
aQianShengCheng author
aShouqianSun author
aTiechengGu author
aJi-HyeonKim author
aXiaoqingZheng author
aKaiXu author
aSvenHartmann author
aM.W.Du author
aCristinaRossi author
aEleniChristopoulou author
aNizarHabash author
aShui-LungChuang author
aAbrahamBernstein author
aEmmanuelOnuegbe author
aLuisV.Casale author
aPeterKlahold author
aMartinDerr author
aSolonV.Carvalho author
aEugenePinsky author
aSaulSchleimer author
aIosifLazaridis author
aTommasoMostardi author
aFrancisNarin author
aOctavioSantanaSuerez author
aAriD.Brooks author
aVikasKhandelwal author
aParaicSheridan author
aJoseLuisVicedoGonzelez author
aCarolynStern-Grant author
aKathleenBurnett author
aNancyP.Thomas author
aMichimasaItoh author
aVincenzoMoscato author
aStefanosVrochidis author
aShawnPearce author
aSergiJorde author
aAgisPapantoniou author
aErwinH.Warshawsky author
aJeffreyParsons author
aWalterE.Moeller author
aMinGuo author
aRongHu author
aMarkLast author
aMutluMete author
aFatihAltiparmak author
aM.Kim author
aSeikyungJung author
aDannyP.Wallace author
aMichelCanillac author
aSeung-HoonNa author
aDanielleL.Booth author
aEdwinH.Jacox author
aArniMarJonsson author
aChristianGren author
aDavidLauzon author
aVikasArora author
aB.T.Luong author
aChadCrawford author
aDiemThiHoangLe author
aMakotoNagao author
aR.A.Makholian author
aLeZhao author
aRobertA.Barta author
aLukeCole author
aRogerTagg author
aFrancescoTaglino author
aPasqualeGrimaldi author
aDavidM.Nichols author
aMelissaH.Cragin author
aK.A.Knowles author
aNorimasaTerada author
aSungkukChun author
aPieterH.Hartel author
aP.KrishnaPrasad author
aPengLiu author
aArabSalem author
aStefanoSanna author
aRobertFenk author
aS.Schneider author
aLotharSchepe author
aHung-YuKao author
aYoungS.Choi author
aMichaelD.Gordon author
aYoung-ChangKim author
aAndreaMinuto author
aHisashiMiyamori author
aMonicaPepe author
aLi-QunXu author
aPaulBrowne author
aSumioFujita author
aG.DavidHuffman author
aRobertA.Hanneman author
aC.I.Barnes author
aT.Smuc author
aStevenO.Kimbrough author
aNashatMansour author
aChristianNeumann author
aP.RadhaKrishna author
aWayneHineman author
aMichaelE.Senko author
aK.A.Robinson author
aJudyvanBiljon author
aKentaroOda author
aShoubinDong author
aRemW.Collier author
aC.C.Shen author
aChun-YiLin author
aMasatoTokuhisa author
aXiaodanSong author
aJuttaKreye author
aAndyLowry author
aJ.HowardJohnson author
aAlanWassyng author
aRandalJ.Peters author
aTonyShi author
aLaurentSimon author
aMichaelRoschewski author
aDetlefMerten author
aTing-ShengLai author
aJungJinLee author
aRebeccaGreen author
aNeldaRaeHernandez author
aSudipKhanna author
aDavidAzari author
aRaymondL.Major author
aM.H.Heine author
aKwongBorNg author
aMartinBertschi author
aIldikeDiespatonyi author
aGeorgeOstrouchov author
aVivekJain author
aCarlMooney author
aRichardC.Wang author
aThomasZurek author
aBrianWhitman author
aHeungsukChoi author
aRodrigoSandoval-Almazan author
aAhmedGomaa author
aJanTreur author
aWenzhongZhao author
aBaowenXu author
aLarsNordbeck author
aFraneoisBelleau author
aLucianoBarbosa author
aCarinaF.Dorneles author
aMariaVargas-Vera author
aClaireMorpain author
aGabrielaRuberg author
aPlecidoMarinhoDias author
aA.S.Russell author
aDavidK.Tcheng author
aXingWei author
aKongJooLee author
aJudithB.Wood author
aMiroslavTudjman author
aDeok-HwanKim author
aBingYang author
aFlorianReisinger author
aArthurTkachenko author
aSumitTandon author
aAnitaBurgun author
aPhilippHussels author
aGillesParmentier author
aTobiasKuhn author
aOhadRodeh author
aRobertA.Cyne author
aJunOkitsu author
aBenKobler author
aRichardIsicoff author
aG.Miller author
aMikeMoore author
aHowardKatz author
aDavidIsaac author
aMiloradKrneta author
aDoloresRexachs author
aNengbinWang author
aPedroS.Ripper author
aAttilaBarta author
aCatalinaMostaccio author
aDavidB.Kidner author
aRyongLee author
aJunYongLuo author
aYewKwongWoon author
aYiqiangChen author
aChristophBeierle author
aShengchunDeng author
aMing-ZengHu author
aJiyuanAn author
aGuihaiChen author
aCharlotteJenkins author
aOliverBechter author
aLizhengJiang author
aIrisGarcia author
aPierreIsabelle author
aPeterA.Franaszek author
aRanabirGupta author
aA.Ramfos author
aNigelStanley author
aDoloresCuadra author
aAlcoBlom author
aEleniFatourou author
aTimothyM.McPhillips author
aMirianHalfeldFerrariAlves author
aIgorWojnicki author
aVeronikaStefanov author
aFraneoisTerrier author
aTakayukiTanaka author
aKunihikoKaneko author
aManuelGarcea-Solaco author
aFlorianVerhein author
aMargretheH.Olson author
aJonathanGibbons author
aJ.L.CamposdosSantos author
aH.Gappisch author
aSteffenStock author
aJergenHollatz author
aAhmad-RezaSadeghi author
aBartoszNowicki author
aGeorgFerber author
aPengfeiHan author
aStefanoBasta author
aAnnaLisaGentile author
aPaoloCasoto author
aJ.AlfredoSenchez author
aBarryM.Leiner author
aYi-MingChung author
aChangeZhang author
aAugust-WilhelmScheer author
aGianluigiViscusi author
aPenelopeConstanta author
aN.Kesim author
aEddyForte author
aThomasBerkel author
aPeterRieger author
aAnjaSyri author
aUlfSchreier author
aJerryWaxman author
aPuiNg author
aAlexandreTopol author
aFang-FeiKuo author
aMihaiLazarescu author
aPeterMcIlroy author
aRobertGruber author
aStefanieRinderle author
aRegineLaleau author
aChabaneOussalah author
aS.Hashemi author
aChiragShah author
aDavidV.Beard author
aClareBeghtol author
aHelenJones author
aLiYang author
aSeungJ.Noh author
aVan-NamHuynh author
aHaiboLi author
aMarcoLoregian author
aIreneKilanioti author
aMikeTurega author
aJohnV.Harrison author
aYukioOhsawa author
aAriHeinonen author
aAdamMoore author
aB.S.Choo author
aVinnyCahill author
aK.BernhardSchiefer author
aErichGehlen author
aShunYanCheung author
aKilianStoffel author
aStephenM.Harding author
aRobertTandy author
aHung-YiLi author
aNithyaRamanathan author
aUriNodelman author
aMikeJackson author
aLeszleBeszermenyi author
aAmitMandvikar author
aZhenxingQin author
aSuzanneM.Paley author
aJonathanTan author
aVascoFreitas author
aKengoFujioka author
aLauraA.Slaughter author
aHolgerBrocks author
aCharlesK.Nicholas author
aMarttiJuhola author
aMiriamFernendez author
aFuruWei author
aKunioMatsui author
aBernardMerialdo author
aAthenaStassopoulou author
aJinHu author
aThomasHeimrich author
aGauthierAgimont author
aKhaldounAlAgha author
aJoseM.Martinez author
aEmmanuelBlanchard author
aFabriceGuillet author
aUmaaRebbapragada author
aTielinChen author
aSrinathGutti author
aHarimathSivakumar author
aYu-ShengLai author
aTadaakiOshio author
aFrankW.Allen author
aMoniqueV.Vieira author
aVipinSwarup author
aMichaelGuppenberger author
aDanielaTiscornia author
aAlexanderWolff author
aAnthonyStefanidis author
aAndrewPhilpot author
aAmyWang author
aLaceyBaldwin author
aGuoqingZhou author
aMartinDias author
aMichaelD.Lieberman author
aPushengZhang author
aRogerMingHiengTing author
aYiqingTu author
aKunioMurakami author
aAliOrooji author
aRichardF.Baum author
aP.Carpenter author
aJackBeukering author
aLuigiV.Mancini author
aWeiTang author
aVikramTankasali author
aTomKhabaza author
aThomasHaigh author
aBerndMeyer author
aNunoM.Preguiea author
aChristofBornhevd author
aJamesCheng author
aTomohiroYamasaki author
aNinaPhan author
aFrancescaArcelliFontana author
aLingGuan author
aT.S.Tam author
aThomasHerstel author
aFrankWang author
aSunGuang author
aMichaelFingerhut author
aDa-WeiJuang author
aHyuk-JinLee author
aAfsarParhizgar author
aMarcoDeBoni author
aKennethFogt author
aMichaelvanBiema author
aMichaelD.Williams author
aMariaVardaki author
aJ.ShaneCulpepper author
aOlafDavid author
aT.Pudet author
aNinaWacholder author
aWitoldPedrycz author
aKrupakarV.Pasupuleti author
aTruxtonFulton author
aCathyH.Wu author
aTianYing-jie author
aZhaoJian author
aZaixianXie author
aLeonidReyzin author
aYanJin author
aShonaliKrishnaswamy author
aPrasenjitMajumder author
aBingPan author
aJamesL.VanRoekel author
aHui-MinChen author
aDanielE.Rose author
aBingjunSun author
aNissankaB.Priyantha author
aSongChen author
aJean-PierreCourtiat author
aSergeMiranda author
aIngoSchmitt author
aH.Jansen author
aHeikoNiemann author
aGaryNg author
aPeterMcCartney author
aLiyingJiang author
aJohnTodd author
aKyojiHirata author
aJudiR.Thomson author
aDavidKolb author
aElizabethN.Fong author
aLeonardJ.Binns author
aDanKogan author
aPauloA.S.Veloso author
aChing-MingChao author
aM.BrianBlake author
aJeffRanstrom author
aAnnaMaclachlan author
aSteveBarr author
aHansjergZeller author
aZengdeWu author
aCarlaFerreira author
aYoojungKim author
aAlexanderMaedche author
aLauraIrinaRusu author
aAntoniod'Acierno author
aJakeK.Aggarwal author
aThomasWhitmore author
aA.Beeharry author
aBrianLowe author
aHuei-YouYang author
aPaavoArvola author
aAndrewTrotman author
aFranckThollard author
aLimingLiang author
aYing-HsangLiu author
aAaronAndersen author
aAnaSimonet author
aYuSun author
aShigehitoKawasaki author
aMasafumiKoyama author
aAuroraPons-Porrata author
aSheriEdwards author
aArmarA.Archbold author
aYvesRasolofo author
aPradeepShenoy author
aRichardGoodwin author
aIanPascalVolz author
aBalezsRecz author
aFernandaAraujoBaieo author
aPaoloManghi author
aJ.H.terBekke author
aChristineBonnet author
aGeorgeV.Moustakides author
aXuezhiWen author
aNickyJoshi author
aQiangMa author
aSeokhoonKang author
aYanyanLi author
aKennethJ.Laskey author
aLodeNachtergaele author
aRaniNelken author
aSheng-TunLi author
aXinZhang author
aMatteoBaldoni author
aSebastianSager author
aAndreasLorenz author
aStephanArens author
aChristophBaumgarten author
aRamurtiA.Barbosa author
aJuanM.Vara author
aGefeiZhang author
aJayKasi author
aHiroshiFujimoto author
aKonstantinosF.Sagonas author
aKeithIrwin author
aGeraldA.Wilson author
aKeeS.Ong author
aZhaohuiXie author
aChae-KyuKim author
aDeshPeramunetilleke author
aH.Lamande author
aJean-RochSchmitt author
aCarolePalisser author
aDonovanA.Schneider author
aNeilF.Abernethy author
aErnestHirsch author
aRainerKruschinski author
aNazihElderini author
aEricPardede author
aXiaoxingZhang author
aJinghaoMiao author
aManjeetRege author
aAliAsgharShiri author
aDonR.Swanson author
aDanielG.Brown author
aRamiG.Melhem author
aMichaelGibas author
aV.WiktorMarek author
aJ.Li author
aRoyH.Campbell author
aYongYe author
aAlanP.Sexton author
aTheodoreG.Kavalieros author
aSlavaZilberfaine author
aSofieHaesevoets author
aCherylD.Seals author
aSatoshiTanaka author
aFrancisN.Parr author
aFabioPaterne author
aDanRigsby author
aJieLiu author
aYongZhao author
aKarenL.Daniels author
aXiaohuiYu author
aYiChang author
aStevenP.Reiss author
aR.J.Peterson author
aHeinoGertner author
aPeterCrowther author
aPatriciaPaul author
aThomasStuder author
aHristoT.Aladjov author
aJesesMedina author
aWijnandvanStam author
aThomasL.Griffiths author
aRudiBelotti author
aPeterD.Karp author
aStevenFeiner author
aAlessandroBozzon author
aAntonioVincenzoTaddeo author
aBasGiesbers author
aHowardSpoelstra author
aWimvanderVegt author
aTakashiSogo author
aYixinRuan author
aAstridLegreid author
aMasashiShimbo author
aMarcus-ChristopherLudl author
aMenahemFriedman author
aDuyguUcar author
aDirkVandenPoel author
aTimoKinnunen author
aBrennoLurati author
aKatjaRentto author
aVittorioScarano author
aKen-ichiTakaya author
aKimMarriott author
aSeiyaFujii author
aLu-PingChang author
aVincentShin-MuTseng author
aYifanChen author
aHugoManguinhas author
aAndresMonroy-Hernandez author
aMichaelThuswald author
aStephaneAydjian author
aGabrielDermler author
aBrunoDillet author
aGerdWetherich author
aJesperW.Schneider author
aMingYin author
aRamanChandrasekar author
aMichaelR.Genesereth author
aAaronBohannon author
aStephenT.C.Wong author
aPollyS.Brown author
aGuyPardon author
aYangPan author
aMargaretM.deMaine author
aYoung-KooLee author
aGraemeRichards author
aAndrewY.Ho author
aDavidLehman author
aSergeiEvdokimov author
vKDDTutorials conf
aWei-YinLoh author
aMarioA.Nascimento author
aChih-PingChu author
aAshfaqA.Khokhar author
aDieterSpahni author
aDavideMaltoni author
aAndreiLopatenko author
aEliezerL.Lozinskii author
aK.L.Kwok author
aKyungsunKim author
aMichaelVanBiesbrouck author
aVincenzoPallotta author
aPeterJaeschke author
aJingLiu author
aGastonH.Gonnet author
aH.G.Heard author
aRasmusPagh author
aJoachimSchwieren author
aIgorHawryszkiewycz author
aRaulPolerEscoto author
aStephenDill author
aTerryShepard author
aHiroakiNakamura author
aRobertL.Probert author
aStevenG.Goodridge author
aHironoriAsai author
aScottKnight author
aTimothyC.Lethbridge author
aChristopherLapkowski author
aRonaldKornelsen author
aRobertE.Strom author
aGregoryChockler author
aMichaelEckert author
aGianPietroPicco author
aSaraTucciPiergiovanni author
aSven-EricLautemann author
aG.Decorte author
aRalfSchneider author
aFarshadNayeri author
aLanNie author
aIkuoKeshi author
aYuefeiSui author
aRayleneYung author
aSin-LingLay author
aBernhardPfahringer author
aTaneliMielikeinen author
aMing-ChuanHung author
aWenjieLi author
aWeiVivianZhang author
aDieterFensel author
aCaryG.deBessonet author
aMohamedTaher author
aDavidM.Zajic author
aColinNeilson author
aJinjooLee author
aDong-HongJi author
aYouOuyang author
aNatalieS.Glance author
aJamesDull author
aJamesC.Costello author
aJeannetteM.deGraaf author
aSeokhyunSon author
aXueqiCheng author
aPierre-FrancoisMarteau author
aDavidRobins author
aKazunoriMatsumoto author
aErwinLeonardi author
aSerafinoCicerone author
aYasuoAriki author
aDaveNorthcutt author
aMohamedDbouk author
aRandallSparks author
aJacquesDurand author
aQuintinI.Cutts author
aQuintonZondervan author
aLiminXiang author
aSheau-DongLang author
aSubramanyamChitti author
aStratosPapadomanolakis author
aDieterMerkel author
aFengQiu author
aStefanoZacchiroli author
aMarkoA.Rodriguez author
aJacobK.Asiedu author
aAndreiStoica author
aS.Fukushima author
aAndrewBirrell author
aKeithMarzullo author
aAnupamBhide author
aGeorgePapageorgiou author
aSanjayKrishnamurthi author
aSunS.Chung author
aFabioOriggi author
aT.Kanawati author
aJanKolter author
aAlbanGabillon author
aRobertWeibel author
aAlanGaitenby author
aHerbertSchorr author
aAdegboyegaK.Ojo author
aNoriakiKurosu author
aUlrichFrank author
aChristosTatsiopoulos author
aWilliamPerrizo author
aLixiangShen author
aEun-YoungYoo author
aJohnE.Leide author
aPalomaDeaz author
aM.Ou-Halima author
aJamesS.Friedman author
aGangZhou author
aYuhuaLuo author
aThomasVits author
aH.W.Schmidt author
aNigelJacobs author
aHaesunPark author
aShigangChen author
aVanessaSandrini author
aHideoJoho author
aPatrickGlenisson author
aCristianBucila author
aJohnTimlin author
aChing-LiangHuang author
aLanHuang author
aHirohideEndoh author
aVeraSiegler author
aYutakaOhsawa author
aAnttiPesonen author
aJeanHolzer author
aSridharSeshadri author
aKuang-KuChen author
aJeffM.Phillips author
aMelanieHilario author
aShinsukeSugaya author
aTeresaBernardaLudermir author
aHansHolmFrehauf author
aTimHussein author
aJohannesLeveling author
aMarcRessler author
aM.SreenivasaRao author
aJosefAltmann author
aG.Chevenier author
aChristofWeinhardt author
aAngusRoberts author
aBerndAmann author
aNielsLervadAndersen author
aLihuaYue author
aDavideBuscaldi author
aDavidGreenblatt author
aKarlAlthans author
aIanPrince author
aJ.Vanslembrouck author
aMarkK.deWeger author
aChrisA.Vissers author
aLonghaoWang author
aChangSheng author
aMorNaaman author
aBudMishra author
aShyamSundarRajaram author
aJonathanM.Fishbein author
aCarloGaibisso author
aBelintDareczy author
aVectorPeinado author
aPatrickRuch author
aM.Ashwell author
aR.K.Ghosh author
aLauraPo author
aMiriamVelasco-Senchez author
aCalumRobertson author
aMichaelJ.Hill author
aTohruMoto-Oka author
aFrankHildebrandt author
aHarksooKim author
aLynBlackshaw author
aRockyK.C.Chang author
aChengkaiLi author
aSendorGajdos author
aDimitarKazakov author
aLeoVohandu author
aLinaCeponiene author
aRaynerAlfred author
aMitsuruMinakuchi author
aMarcDavis author
aElliMylonas author
aDanielS.Yeung author
aKang-KwongLuke author
aAlbertLing-SungChung author
aMi-YoungKim author
aYaZhu author
aCorinneL.Jergensen author
aLawrenceBusch author
aN.Ranganathan author
aStephenM.Griffin author
aOlivierFambon author
aMichaelFegan author
aYung-TengTsai author
aKapilAhuja author
aPetriVuorimaa author
aZhiqiangZhang author
aBabakHamidzadeh author
vIGIS conf
aDavidR.Miller author
aM.Laszlo author
aChong-WahNgo author
aDavidSinclair author
aFrederickG.Sayward author
aDavidJ.Proctor author
aTadashiKumano author
aRobertG.SumnerJr. author
aAshokC.Popat author
aJoeoP.Campos author
aDong-SooKim author
aMei-QinWang author
aTeofiloGarcia author
aSergioRobertodeLimaeSilvaFilho author
aIonTimIeong author
aMarkA.Rosso author
aA.Sone author
aAmitAnilNanavati author
aSourashisRoy author
aHowardM.Dreizen author
aLukasBachmann author
aArminGren author
aMikhailF.Kanevski author
aMichelaBertolotto author
aCamiloRiaeo author
aRicardoMeloBastos author
aJohnL.Cuadrado author
aLongxingDeng author
aJamesW.Hong author
aXiaoboRen author
aTobyJ.Teorey author
aWeipengP.Yan author
aEmmanuelD.Pontikakis author
aNoaTuval author
aThomasH.Hinke author
aWei-ChuanLiu author
aZhibinLiu author
aMargheritaBerardi author
aVassiliosPapavasiliou author
aRickyRobinson author
aOlliSotamaa author
aValerieIssarny author
aMatthieuObjois author
aManfredEhlers author
aChristophUhlenkeken author
aFedericoBalaguer author
aTinA.Nguyen author
aHaoranWu author
aHiroakiOiso author
aHiroshiYajima author
aJohnY.Sayah author
aGenterPreuner author
aFrankA.Bisby author
aB.L.Rosser author
aBradleyN.Miller author
aM.Rashidian author
aBernhardBauer author
aHamadaGhenniwa author
aAggelikiPantazi author
aYossiMatias author
aFeipingNie author
aBillRamsey author
aVictoriaTorres author
aMaricelaClaudiaBravoContreras author
aAdrianoM.Pereira author
aJussaraM.Almeida author
aAnthonyQ.Baxter author
aMaheedharKolla author
aTorKlingberg author
aDouglasJohnson author
aMichaelConover author
aSanasamRanbirSingh author
aJiazhengShi author
aD.Veronese author
aClaudiaPicardi author
aLloydRutledge author
aJasmineNovak author
aYaoyunShi author
aJuttaA.Melle author
aDanielR.Ries author
aShinyaFushimi author
aHiroakiHigaki author
aMing-HuiJin author
aOriBen-Yitzhak author
aRobertG.Lefferts author
aKeiTateno author
aFuchunPeng author
aAlgirdasAvizienis author
aZongyanQiu author
aDraganDjuric author
aAntoniettaLanza author
aOmarAlonso author
aAdaBrunstein author
aFumitoMasui author
aWendyR.Chen author
aIoanMariusBilasco author
aDirkLeinders author
aW.BradleyRubenstein author
aRonAvnur author
aMarieE.Gallagher author
aDmitriAsonov author
aKennethSmith author
aCongZhou author
aFulvioCiapessoni author
aSunilS.Nair author
aSagitZohar author
aGargiSur author
aMichaelT.Ryan author
aMaxMintz author
aZheYang0003 author
aZinaBen-Miled author
aEleniStroulia author
aRidzwanSuri author
aCristianEstan author
aCharlesBrett author
aM.Cappi author
aDanDuchamp author
aLuizEduardoBuzato author
aDongkyuKim author
aHiroyukiKitajima author
aYanbinLiu author
aArunJagatheesan author
aReenaMathew author
aRichardL.Cole author
aMatthewWachs author
aAndrewReddick author
aRobertH.Bonczek author
aShinjaeYoo author
aHolgerHitzler author
aDrissAboutajdine author
aFranciscoM.Couto author
aJoaquimFilipe author
aZeeshanRasheed author
aStephenD.Larson author
aStuartJacobs author
aChien-LeGoh author
aMiguelGarcea-Remesal author
aBae-HeeLee author
aChoul-SooJang author
aJoachimSelke author
aJochemVonk author
aMattiaDeRosa author
aSaraZohn author
aChao-ChihYang author
aW.DavidHurley author
aOlafSedmak author
aDipanjanChakraborty author
aAntonioMassimilianoPerdichizzi author
aToshihikoHata author
aWangChiewTan author
aYiwenYin author
aFeng-LongHuang author
aWuyingLiu author
aLiyunRu author
aToanLuu author
aN.Nurminen author
aMatthiasGroemann author
aSairaParvezKhan author
aHitomiMurakami author
aMasahiroShijo author
aJ.Christensen author
aCarlaMariaModena author
aBiancavonBredow author
aMasayoKaji author
aXiaojunYe author
aHanafyM.Ismail author
aSu-JeongKo author
aYinLi author
aSangHunEo author
aNamhoonKim author
aHongShen author
aAndreiE.N.Lima author
aGiovannaMelideo author
aXinHuang author
aHiroshiTsukimoto author
aAlvaroFreitasMoreira author
aFransCoetzee author
aJoseAntonioCoteloLema author
aDavidTruffet author
aHodaBaraka author
aOndrejVelek author
aThaiPhuongNguyen author
aKenC.W.Chow author
aTatyanaN.Yudina author
aWenhanXie author
aPeterSalhofer author
aUshaRamachandran author
aHuanchenWang author
aLarryS.Jackson author
aDuQingyun author
aElizabethSugarBoese author
aD.R.Hainline author
aI.A.Newman author
aJonM.Kerridge author
aA.P.G.Brown author
aRolandJesse author
aWilliamI.Chang author
aMariaLuisaSapino author
aHwangjunSong author
aVittorioCaggiano author
aMichelDesmarais author
aFernandoFerri author
aMingXiTang author
aReijiAibara author
aAndresLukecs author
aHideyoKawakita author
aMichaelPersin author
aDoyleWeishar author
aPetriMyllymeki author
aTimmJansen author
aMarcoRicheldi author
aWalterL.Johnston author
aChrisBeecher author
aJui-ShangChiu author
aAllenB.Veaner author
aMauritaPetersonHolland author
aRobertWittorf author
aEliotKimber author
aLaurenceA.Welsch author
aJudeW.Shavlik author
aConstantinF.Aliferis author
vIPSJ conf
aKathrynBatesHill author
aJosephA.Goguen author
aBradleyC.Kuszmaul author
aNaokiAbe author
aYa-JuFan author
aMartinLeucker author
aTzu-FuChiu author
aBarryBoots author
aPetervanVoris author
aLarryS.Davis author
aElkeRadeke author
aBavaniArunasalam author
aLiuLiu author
aMarkA.Musen author
aAlainColetta author
aThomasA.Down author
aSilkeTriel author
aJeong-HyeonChoi author
aVadimAstakhov author
aWoei-JyhLee author
aJenniferLiddy author
aBoulosHarb author
aMartinErwig author
aHuangXuyong author
aSeijiKameyama author
aTakeshiYoshimura author
aSeungyeopHan author
aVolkerSchmitz author
aAntonisC.Kakas author
aJoxanJaffar author
aD.Butler author
aGaneshRamesh author
aKangshengZeng author
aJacquesMadelaine author
aBasH.P.J.Vermeer author
aCraigSeko author
aHorstTreiblmaier author
aMariaM.Larrondo-Petrie author
aKhouloudBoukadi author
aEmilianoDeCristofaro author
aShinichiHoniden author
aChristerBeckstrem author
aFrankC.H.Tong author
aIng-ChauChang author
aWing-KinSung author
aAlexandreX.Falceo author
aRoxanaGirju author
aChristineChichester author
aK.Hu author
aW.BrentSeales author
aOlivierLeonard author
aDavidGondek author
aTetsuoSawaragi author
aSlobodanVucetic author
aStefanKramer author
aAdrianaJ.Berlanga author
aHolgerHusemann author
aGordonJ.Ferguson author
aElizabethBrown author
aMiriamGrace author
aHsiao-WuenHon author
aMarcusM.Rocha author
aHaneneAzzag author
aChunYuan author
aMarinaMongiello author
aEricBloedorn author
aMartinL.Polaschek author
aNobuyukiTomizawa author
aPasiTiitinen author
aJudithWagnerDeCew author
aB.C.Walsh author
aAlexandredeSpindler author
aJeremeGensel author
aIngoWeber author
aBoHuang author
aChandrasekharSrinivasan author
aAndrewLim author
aWolfgangMeller0003 author
aUshioInoue author
aMichelCouprie author
aMaryDianePalmerLeland author
aIdoMillet author
aOscarRomero author
aIrynaKozlova author
aCaremC.Fabris author
aJoseCraveirodaCostaNeto author
aS.Muralidhar author
aPhilippAnokhin author
aSendorDominich author
aMasahitoHirakawa author
aShaliniKansal author
aBowonKim author
aKwokLeungYu author
aSusanHarker author
aShaoZhergrong author
aJohnHabershon author
aKazuoMasai author
aKazuyaTakeda author
aManuelCalimlim author
aMiaoXiong author
aGertB.Eijkel author
aSophieBonneau author
aMarcNiezette author
aPetrStepan author
aStefaniaArdizzoni author
aGarySchuldt author
aJamesDullea author
aGeneT.J.Wuu author
aLeviLucio author
aHans-JoachimLenz author
aStefanoBistarelli author
aByronMarshall author
aJoseRamenGil-Garcea author
aAlexanderSchellong author
aJunPeng author
aPeterJ.Jansen author
aCai-PingJiang author
aJenniferJieXu author
aMosheKoppel author
aM.Husain author
aHyunHeeKim author
aSuzanneA.Cohen author
aAlexandrosKarakos author
aJankoKlasinc author
aCeceliaM.Brown author
aChuan-JieLin author
aFaiezaElkateb-Gara author
aJoseCarlosGonzelezCristebal author
aWen-ChengLin author
aAkiraNagai author
aZhangYibo author
aHee-CheolSeo author
aAzadehShakery author
vQDB conf
aHua-FuLi author
aYokoKamidoi author
aChrisRowley author
aD.Ghosh author
aHaiyanWang author
aDonnaGates author
aSusanArmstrong author
aXavierBlanco author
aJergHeizmann author
aJohnSmirnios author
aYannisCharalabidis author
aVectorAnaya author
aFabioVitali author
aYiqunHu author
aYueLiu author
aHelgeStieghahn author
aKunihikoSadakane author
aSadayukiHikita author
aBradfordW.Wade author
aCemYelmaz author
aE.N.Elnozahy author
aJohnS.Heidemann author
aAnnaCinziaSquicciarini author
aRaghuReddy author
aInderpalNarang author
aSoumyadebMitra author
aEwingL.Lusk author
aBogdanAlexe author
aNabilHachem author
aMichaelJ.Rothman author
aAnanthRaghavan author
aYechiamYemini author
aCherylSchramm author
aDavidEvans author
aJamesR.Russell author
aFrankRuskey author
aLuizMarcioCysneiros author
aSusanM.Merritt author
aJamesS.Okolica author
aLeeOsterwil author
aBartonThompson author
aStephenCrawford author
aMichaelNeblo author
aSteveGoddard author
aStephanRoppel author
aVladimiroSassone author
aAntonioFittipaldi author
aLucioGoglia author
aRobertoRuiz author
aKai-MingLin author
aS.BekBaydere author
aHeasooHwang author
aAmbujGoyal author
aDanielG.Saab author
aTakashiHonishi author
aAugustoCelentano author
aJean-MarcPierson author
aHeqingGuo author
aYelizYesilada author
aMarcLacoste author
aDoinaCaragea author
aJamesP.Rogers author
aCatherineRoussey author
aF.Hazevoets author
aDanielaGavidia author
aHaraldSack author
aRodrigoRodrigues author
aV.Sridhar author
aVassosHadzilacos author
aThanasisHadzilacos author
aKazuoHiraki author
aMikkoLindholm author
aPietroLeo author
aJergenPalkoska author
aAndredeKorvin author
aDayouLiu author
aAlexandreTermier author
aDanieleQuercia author
aMikhailMoshkov author
aZbigniewBonikowski author
aTariqL.Khan author
aEdwardBryniarski author
aRokiaMissaoui author
aR.Williams author
aRaymondChi-WingWong author
aBernardZenko author
aCorneliuHenegar author
aLeiYu author
aDomenicoPascuzzi author
aJanuszR.Getta author
aMihhailMatskin author
aKengSiau author
aShang-RyongKim author
aStefanKoch author
aKaiKoskimies author
aMaciejMichalewicz author
aAgnieszkaDardzinska author
aJacintoMataVezquez author
aK.L.Lee author
aSueFelshin author
aJuYeonJo author
aAhChungTsoi author
aShlomoMoran author
aMariaHanrahan author
aRalfKeller author
aChristopherBailey author
aPreetamMaloor author
aMarleneMallicoat author
aXiaohuaZhou author
aLarsLittig author
aYanRao author
aHubertNaacke author
aKeeratiJittrawong author
aNicholasWeir author
aYupengFu author
aE.Raban author
aYoichiTakenaka author
aP.I.Swarnam author
aChunpingLi author
aSamRosenfeld author
aThuyDungNguyen author
aAibingRao author
aBrendonCahoon author
aMatthewRichardson author
aToshihiroKamishima author
aDarylPregibon author
aThomasWittmann author
aStephaneLallich author
aMoussaBoussouf author
aJacobGoldenberg author
aMichaelKats author
aGeorgeNagy author
aJingsenChen author
aJiZhang author
aPaurayS.M.Tsai author
aMarjoMarkkula author
aElenaTsiporkova author
aAlejandroD'Ermiliis author
aJoseRamonRiosViqueira author
aAmruYusrinAmruddin author
aAhmadKayed author
aMichaelLawley author
aDavidDavenport author
aJohnChoi author
aRudieEkkelenkamp author
aYaqianZhou author
aSvetlanaSheremetyeva author
aSimonCorston-Oliver author
aRuthFairclough author
aMaryAnnMerrell author
aAnatoliyA.Gruzd author
aBoXie author
aSrikanthBellamkonda author
aStevenMinton author
aAnthonyM.Cresswell author
aWalterDeaz author
aBhuvanUnhelkar author
aJean-MarcGagnon author
aSusanJones author
aJeannieShands author
aTomaszMikolajewski author
aSuzanVerberne author
aW.DavidPenniman author
aJulioFernandes author
aJiansanChen author
aP.D.Ting author
aSameerMahajan author
aMikalZiane author
aTorgrimGjelsvik author
aM.Sh.Tsalenko author
aViceneSoler author
aWeijunZhong author
aYipingLi author
aQuanlingWei author
aHitohiroShiozaki author
aYikunGuo author
aYen-ChunJimWu author
aA.WarrenPratten author
aM.RasitEskicioglu author
aLingLingYan author
aOwenKaser author
aNuritDor author
aStephenG.Perelgut author
aAllenE.Milewski author
aValerieSloan author
aR.Badrinath author
aRamadhanaBramandia author
aJiangtaoRen author
aKazutoKubota author
aRoopeRaisamo author
aBruceA.Shapiro author
aBengtG.Lundberg author
aH.R.Cho author
aSamirChatterjee author
aHorstBiller author
aRemuloSilvadeOliveira author
aSreeramBalakrishnan author
aMatteoPalmonari author
aMohammadrezaKeyvanpour author
aJuanP.Palacios author
aImadeldinO.Mahgoub author
aMeishanHu author
aMarkusSpannagel author
aPiotrKrychniak author
aJean-ClaudeMamou author
aMing-YeeLai author
aFrancoBombi author
aYingZhou author
aHirokazuTomiyasu author
aKohsukeKawaguchi author
aKennethDeJong author
aHirotoshiMaegawa author
aJingWu author
aNoriyoshiUratani author
aHenryJ.Eberhart author
aNormanNisenoff author
aJohnShawe-Taylor author
aRebeccaJ.Passonneau author
aMatthiasMayer author
aMagnusMortensen author
aMyung-GilJang author
aGaneshPanchanathan author
aKentonWilliams author
aHeleneHembrooke author
aPedroGaspar author
aAlexanderFaaborg author
aFilipeCastro author
aWolfgangWeber author
aRicardoOrosco author
aCarmenWedemeyer author
aGerdaRuge author
aD.LewisPape author
aJeffreyT.Chang author
aNecatiErcanOzgencil author
aMaheshaKapurubandara author
aOmarAbouKhaled author
aDavidEdmond author
aC.Tonneau author
aNareshNeelapala author
aAntaraGhosh author
aTorDidriksen author
aScottNettles author
aFabrizioFerrandina author
aChristophKilger author
aToshihisaAoshima author
aJoseA.elvarez-Robles author
aParaskeviRaftopoulou author
aMihaiGabriel author
aJianguoXiao author
aAbdulhussainE.Mahdi author
aRafaelC.Carrasco author
aJoseA.Royo author
aLeandroNavarro author
aWitoldAbramowicz author
aCharalamposGikas author
aJoseEduardoCercoles author
aHidetoshiUchiyama author
aSeokjinHong author
aJamesF.Terwilliger author
aJanetE.Somers author
aThomasLudwig author
aHeribertPfefferle author
aLuborKoller author
aPradnyaKarbhari author
aChung-ShengLi author
aKarinKooganBreitman author
aRachidAnane author
aTakashiKatoh author
aPascalLorenz author
aGabrielePozzani author
aMatteoGolfarelli author
aLorenzoBlanco author
aVasilisDelis author
aJackCampin author
aDonaldR.Deutsch author
aShun-ChiehLin author
aMichaelN.Huhns author
aOlivierGruber author
aSasaTomic author
aSueNagy author
aHenkyAgusleo author
aGregoryJones author
aBonnieMcDaniel author
aBharadwajVeeravalli author
aTorstenGrabs author
aBertO.deBrock author
aHyoung-JooKim author
aGoveN.Allen author
aLingQiu author
aSandroLeuchter author
aUlfBrefeld author
aChristophSchmitz author
aDavidD.Clark author
aLiXiong author
aHermanElenbaas author
aChing-JuiHsiao author
aBikashChandraGhosh author
aMariaRifqi author
aThomasGaugler author
aPhilVines author
aSanjayManchanda author
aToshiakiTakewaki author
aJean-MarcHick author
aDebajyotiMukhopadhyay author
aMarioPandin author
aCarloDiBello author
aSimonM.Lin author
aGouthamKurra author
aKevinM.Passino author
aJia-LingLin author
aHongleiGuo author
aBinSwen author
aWeiLungWong author
aNaoshiIkeda author
aTimothyK.Shih author
aJohnH.Christiansen author
aJeffMeredith author
aChih-ChenLin author
aEinarMykletun author
aPaulAmmann author
aM.W.Orlowski author
aChang-ShingPerng author
aDragosTrinca author
aChrisKelman author
aFlaviaMoser author
aWaiGenYee author
aRickKeilty author
aSaileshKrishnamurthy author
aChang-HoKim author
aErikBehrends author
aJosefSivic author
aChing-ChienChen author
aGeorgesChalhoub author
aArunRai author
aOlgaPons author
aJergCaumanns author
aV.Vestenicky author
aCyrilU.Orji author
aW.B.Cowan author
aedamoL.deSantana author
aVassilisPoulopoulos author
aRobScott author
aNickRussell author
aKwangMongSim author
aVasudhaBhatnagar author
aD.RichardKuhn author
aMikelL.Matthews author
aDanielC.Robbins author
aFranzJosefOch author
aLiangZhou author
aShenzhiLi author
aTimGallagher author
aCarlGutwin author
aJiahuiLiu author
aStevenP.Ketchpel author
aRobertCook author
aCaseyPalowitch author
aDonReich author
aLemoniaGiantsiou author
aJ.BradFitzgibbons author
aGiriKumarTayi author
aDonaldP.Ballou author
aApratimPurakayastha author
aArlieHall author
aDavidKang author
aQingCao author
aWookeyLee author
aDavidA.Brant author
aRichardTibbetts author
aAlexRasin author
aDanielRobey author
aPierreGlize author
aMaartenClements author
aDaveAbberley author
aJavierGutierrezPalacio author
aJordiPrats author
aFranciscoJ.Rodreguez author
aInbokLee author
aAdrianKosowski author
aArturAlvesPessoa author
aRobertoC.Portugal author
aEstherMartenezGonzelez author
aAyumiShinohara author
aSergeA.Hazout author
aMichaelL.Littman author
aSasuTarkoma author
aMayaRodrig author
aKoichiGoto author
aD.Smith author
aDavidMassart author
aCarloMastroianni author
aSungkeunPark author
aWinnieW.Hua author
aWilliamVambenepe author
aMareaAgustinaCibren author
aJohannOberleitner author
aMarie-LaureReinberger author
aToshihiroKoma author
aKangLi author
aLenaWiese author
aHennerGraubitz author
aSeJuneHong author
aIbrahimH.enyeksel author
aChrisaTsinaraki author
aEricBruno author
aDanielWhiteley author
aFrancineChen author
aSorayaAbad-Mota author
aAlessandroAndreadis author
aJung-HoUm author
aJingyuHou author
aS.T.Hood author
aJoshuaOlshansky author
aFlorianDaniel author
aAlessandroMorandi author
aRenataBandelloni author
aMariaChiaraCaschera author
aTheodosiosTheodosiou author
aHeihachiroFukuda author
aGordonS.Blair author
aScottN.Woodfield author
aAzbayarDemberel author
aAntonioTurtur author
aPrasantaK.Bose author
aMichaelTeschke author
aVibhoreKumar author
aLinCheung author
aBillHowe author
aZheng(Jessica)Zhao author
aRichardWatt author
aTatsuoHirose author
aJohnJ.Donovan author
aC.Gupta author
aMarioAntonioletti author
aYouzhongLiu author
aRaphaelM.Malyankar author
aJackLukaszuk author
aMichaelGillmann author
aWalterDaelemans author
aGeborMihelySurenyi author
aRolfBlumenthal author
aRaduPopescu-Zeletin author
aPeterR.Tillman author
aXiangjunSong author
aTakahiroYakoh author
aSungTakKang author
aMelihaYetisgen author
aAtsushiKitai author
aIoanaBurcea author
aA.MasudKhandker author
aVidarVetland author
aDavidTaylor author
aGeorgeBaklarz author
aPetiaWohed author
aFranciscoCarreroGarcea author
aHwasilYang author
aMilesWhitehead author
aPanayiotaPolydoratou author
aAi-huaWang author
aXiaoyiJiang author
aKeesvanderMeer author
aCarlosHenriqueMarcondes author
aShi-WeiTang author
aJohnMarkusBjerndalen author
aArijitSengupta author
aRemiGilleron author
aJinglanZhang author
aHeekyongPark author
aSarahHatton author
aWilkieMa author
aSilkeEckstein author
aM.Pfeiffer author
aJunRao author
aCraigHarris author
aDavidMattox author
aRyszardS.Michalski author
aMartinA.Musicante author
aAndreasThor author
aKalleLyytinen author
aS.Carter author
aMetineakanyildirim author
aYih-LongChang author
aKenjiTakeda author
aColinCadas author
aTimonC.Du author
aEyckJentzsch author
aKarlWiggisser author
aAlbertN.Badre author
aJacquesLeMaitre author
aCatherineMendiboure author
aStavrosPapadopoulos author
aRomilMittal author
aVenuMadhavCheedella author
aMiyukiNakano author
aWarrenShen author
aMatjazGams author
aJudithLogan author
aHuaWang author
aM.Sweeney author
aPascalUrso author
aI-TingLiu author
aHansFritschi author
aMaryMarlino author
aOkanKolak author
aAndriyParafiynyk author
aBrianF.Cooper author
aVeronicaFalcao author
aBinodVaidya author
aLynnGasch author
aShutingXu author
aRanWolff author
aDovDori author
aKeunjooKwon author
aFabienAzavant author
aToshifumiEnomoto author
aBrunoVoisin author
aChuYeeLiau author
aSilviaChiusano author
aManishArya author
aTerryE.Weymouth author
aXiaohuiXue author
aOsamuKatai author
aHisakoShiohara author
aN.Parimala author
aRalphM.Weischedel author
aGuihongCao author
aBalakrishnanRamadoss author
aZhenjieZhang author
aMinHuang author
aJ.SalehAshir author
aHai-YanLiu author
aKuralmaniVellaisamy author
aA.Christensen author
aJackA.Orenstein author
aVivianeMoreiraOrengo author
aChengLuo author
aTanuMalik author
aAbhishekGupta author
aSuhitGupta author
aHyukjaeJang author
aKanzakiMasahide author
aMarcZapatka author
aStefanosD.Kollias author
aClaudiaA.Perry author
aSaraFine author
aPratimDatta author
aAndersArde author
aJacquelineStack author
aMalikaSmael-Tabbone author
aKaushikSinha author
aMartinP.Smith author
aMarkG.L.M.vanDoorn author
aHaeryongPark author
aBrunoBachimont author
aYasuyukiShirai author
aFangChu author
aLinfengZhang author
aMarcinKrystek author
aLizHutchinson author
aWernerSchaad author
aCharlesLamb author
aMohsenAl-Ghosein author
aDwayneChung author
aCalCollins author
aMartinWhite author
aJoseHilarioCanes author
aGeorgiosD.Styliaras author
aRickT.Stewart author
aJonathanElsas author
aJeremyRowe author
aFredericStutzman author
aNingJia author
aDonKimber author
aKevinJ.Lang author
aMichaelKohlhase author
aKitipornPlaimas author
aMarcHerrlich author
aVasudevaVarma author
aAlfredStrohmeier author
aWei-ChengLai author
aShan-HungWu author
aEdwardN.May author
aNachumDershowitz author
aSugatoBasu author
aJuanK.Lin author
aYehudaKoren author
aMichaelG.Burke author
aCaseyBreen author
aFrankKlaproth author
aWilliamRuh author
aToshiyukiTsurumi author
aXiaoliMa author
aKerstinBorau author
aAndyHeath author
aThanhTran author
aMarja-RiittaKoivunen author
aChaoyiPang author
aDzintarsAvots author
aStavrosS.Cosmadakis author
aYung-Chun(Justin)Wan author
aEricN.Mortensen author
aDieterLang author
aShanpingLi author
vKDXD conf
aEnginTozal author
aAtakanKurt author
aSantiagoRodreguezYenez author
aViktoriaSteinlechner author
aHeikoLudwig author
aEhudReches author
aJasonNieh author
aSumeetBajaj author
aDavidH.D.Warren author
aMichaelE.Kudlac author
aPeterMayer author
aAntonioPicariello author
aSebastienGilles author
aAnicetKouomouChoupo author
aNicolasMoenne-Loccoz author
aA.Eniseetin author
aGrahamSexton author
aPedroQuelhas author
aKiyoharuAizawa author
aXavierBinefa author
aByoungChulKo author
aTimoOjala author
aZheJiang author
aFuatAkal author
aJieZhang author
aZengqiSun author
aJinhyungCho author
aPavlosKokosis author
aYuxingMao author
aDavidMaxwellChickering author
aSuchandraGoswami author
aXiangjunDong author
aYingjieTian author
aColinDeLong author
aJessicaMeller author
aLilianaKasumiSasaoka author
aAnselmoCardosodePaiva author
aPaoloCappellari author
aGritSeiffert author
aWenjingZou author
aNaveenPrakash author
aGernotSalzer author
aOlfaLamouchi author
aIvanGotham author
aRobertRees author
aS.J.Hobson author
aRodneyLimprecht author
aSteveWoods author
aUlrichThiel author
aAndrewA.Sidorov author
aZohrehAsgharzadehTalebi author
aDavidA.Nelson author
aBogdanV.Gubsky author
aStanislasBrysgalov author
aHarriLaine author
aGabrieleScherrer author
aR.DanielKetchum author
aLyndaHardman author
aZhijieBan author
aElizabethCash author
aMariaGuercio author
aHalBerenson author
aBrianBabcock author
aJoseAntonioRobles-Flores author
aCraigE.Wills author
aJohanSchubert author
aI.RalphEdwards author
aXavierBoutonnier author
aGabrieleHefling author
aMarionKaukal author
aAntonP.Karadimce author
aMariaBergholtz author
aYannickNaudet author
aDushyanthNarayanan author
aYi-HungWu author
aJustusKlingemann author
aThiruvengadamRadhakrishnan author
aOliviaOanea author
aMichaelPeterHaustein author
aReshadMoussa author
aFangYu author
aShiWang author
aCarlaSchlatterEllis author
aT.V.Lakshman author
aIlyaGertner author
aMladenStanojevic author
aDanC.Stefanescu author
aLukaszGolab author
aYohannesTsegay author
aGeorgeAlmpanidis author
aPetrosZerfos author
aHui-HsienChi author
aJergNievergelt author
aChristianRichard author
aMarkLease author
aMarthaL.Tipton author
aFerneoStellaR.Germano author
aSimonBuckinghamShum author
aShing-CheungChan author
aVuNguyen author
aPierretteBergeron author
aDeniseE.Agosto author
aJohnD'Ambra author
aericArchambault author
aC.D.Hurt author
aPatrickHolligan author
aNingWu author
aNeerajR.Joshi author
aPanagiotisSymeonidis author
aKlausU.Schulz author
aTrudiC.Noordermeer author
aE.DianeJohnson author
aWeijingYuan author
aPinataWinoto author
aYiLu author
aAyhanDemiriz author
aShyhWeiTeng author
aSvenHartrumpf author
aLauraMonceaux author
aEndreBoros author
aJeffreyBennett author
aJohnS.Aberdeen author
aJeffreyL.Townsend author
aKeithSklower author
aChangHunYou author
aKinKeungLai author
aNurcanYuruk author
aDavidGibbon author
aFoadHamidi author
aAlexThomo author
aOdedMaimon author
aJunpengChen author
aJeongheeYi author
aReemaAl-Kamha author
aKi-HoonLee author
aFernandoGomez author
aCatherineSoh author
aJoaquenBorrego-Deaz author
aDarrenMarvin author
aMarkusHoli author
aTimmyEap author
aSureshDamodaran author
aAranLunzer author
aDaganGilat author
aArttuValo author
aAnselmoPeeas author
aTomotakeNakamura author
aMajaHadzic author
aKenShirriff author
aJoseAlvinG.Gendrano author
aChristopherJ.O.Baker author
aDzenanRidjanovic author
aNinaMishra author
aJensE.Wolff author
aToyohideWatanabe author
aAparnaS.Varde author
aAthanasiosK.Krotopoulou author
aPeterJ.H.King author
aDimitrisKaragiannis author
aShang-ShengTung author
aJuhaTakkinen author
aDanOlteanu author
aScottWarren author
aRobertBogdanowicz author
aPaolaBertolazzi author
aLeoPipino author
aHaruhikoHiramatsu author
aDamienGuillaume author
aAnneJ.Gilliland-Swetland author
aVisarutAhkuputra author
aWen-HsiangTsai author
aDaveClements author
aJeffPavel author
aHelmutKrieger author
aG.R.Rose author
aGeorgeFucik author
aShuyiZheng author
aKenichiTakahashi author
aKatarzynaCichon author
aTomohiroOdaka author
aCongfuXu author
aBao-GangHu author
aRaymondS.Norton author
aHaijunWang author
aKaustubhDeshpande author
aAnnL.Fruhling author
aRobertB.Hagmann author
aVijayKhatri author
aEduardoAlonso author
aVadimErmolayev author
aJ.P.Armisen author
aSadiyeGuler author
aJohnS.Baras author
aQingfengChen author
aShamikSural author
aR.PrestonMcAfee author
aNigelShadbolt author
vISWCWorkshoponTrust,Security,andReputationontheSemanticWeb conf
aJeremyJ.Carroll author
aDanBoneh author
aWook-ShinHan author
aKenBarker author
aAnastasiosGounaris author
aRobertGerling author
aIsabelleRobba author
aLuanneFreund author
aDorinaC.Petriu author
aYanWuXu author
aHsin-MinLu author
aNicoleForsgren author
aMohammadM.Masud author
aAviezriS.Fraenkel author
aEricJ.Snowberg author
aChoongJaeIm author
aYongXia author
aShankarPal author
aSalmanTaherian author
aRajeshBordawekar author
aJ.F.M.Burg author
aXueningLi author
aRemziPernaska author
aKrishnaprasadThirunarayan author
aUdoHahn author
aTimCrawford author
aChrisBlakely author
aChristianeGuinot author
aRaviJain author
aR.Sekar author
aRafaelBerlangaLlavori author
aGe-MingChiu author
aDaniloCareggio author
aVictorE.Segal author
aLuisHermosilla author
aDavidHarel author
aChenyunDai author
aEstherL.Dechow author
aRobertoSebastiani author
aAndrewWitkowski author
aHongfeiGuo author
aStevenBird author
aRickardCester author
aRomaricBesaneon author
aChristineJacquin author
aJivodarB.Tchakarov author
aMohamedMedhatGaber author
aJovankaAdzic author
aPeterLippuner author
aMichelRaynal author
aHoongKeeNg author
aRatkoOrlandic author
aPeterWoitschach author
aJergP.Meller author
aDirkDeschoolmeester author
aJariVeijalainen author
aInhoYoon author
aKlaraNahrstedt author
aAmirM.Zarkesh author
aS.A.M.Makki author
aKazumiKubota author
vSIGMODWorkshop,Vol.1 conf
aJamesW.Mehl author
aYuZhu author
aEhudRivlin author
aJakobGonczarowski author
aLenwoodS.Heath author
aJa-YoungKim author
aAbhishekJoglekar author
aThomasFinley author
aDavidCampbell author
aBaharehNavai author
aChih-PingWei author
aZhiyuanChen author
aKarlSchnaitter author
aAriannaD'Ulizia author
aChrisLoeser author
aRobertStachel author
aJoanM.Morrissey author
aChedyRaessi author
aMasahideMizushima author
aJasonY.Zien author
aHerbertRistock author
aRoyLadner author
aDaliaMotzkin author
aAyanBandyopadhyay author
aRiteshKumar author
aEvangelosKanoulas author
aBenjaminN.Grosof author
aEyhabAl-Masri author
aManabuOkumura author
aMichalSkubacz author
aNanZhang0007 author
aMatthewPerry author
aZ.M.Ma author
aGaneshRamakrishnan author
aFabriceEvrard author
aShigeakiTagashira author
aKinukoYasuda author
aS.Tomanek author
aPedroSalgueiro author
aAliciaAgeno author
aAnneVilnat author
aJunCheng author
aOliverLorenz author
aGladysMonagan author
aBettinaFazzinga author
aRalphAcker author
aPatriziaGrifoni author
aMamoruMaekawa author
aHiroyukiToda author
aJeongheeKim author
aSee-KiongNg author
aSachinLodha author
aHongweiTian author
aAustinDonnelly author
aIvanT.Bowman author
aSaiWu author
aKristaLagus author
aJohnS.Boreczky author
aDaniusT.Michaelides author
aJonOberlander author
aUdiManber author
aIbrahimCingil author
aJohnM.Tyler author
aCarolA.Broverman author
aFabianHueske author
aBengtCarlsson author
aAndersNilsson author
aX.Zhao author
aIreneDeaz author
aPhilipBrown author
aYoshinobuTonomura author
aAnisCharfi author
aPaoloPuliti author
aSudhaRam author
aMakikoMiwa author
aDavideBolchini author
aTsutomuMiyasato author
aWeiminDu author
aAsitDan author
aKanoksriSarinnapakorn author
aDavidR.Kaeli author
aJohnClear author
aJeroenF.J.Laros author
aLakshmishRamaswamy author
aQuanWang author
aTimourKatchaounov author
aMikioTakagi author
aNataliaKwasnikowska author
aAntoineGeissbehler author
aQunshengYang author
aJochenVandenBercken author
aLarsBrenna author
aS.Joshi author
vWebKDD conf
aStephanBloehdorn author
aMingkunLi author
aChandanK.Reddy author
aHiroshiTsuruoka author
aHyoungDoKim author
aSubhasriDuttagupta author
aLiangangLiu author
aHsin-ChenChiao author
aZhaoYang author
aGeorgiaAngelaki author
aMartySachs author
aGeorgeRoncaglia author
aMariaBeatrizFelgardeToledo author
aHenryE.KyburgJr. author
aPaulHertz author
aGentherSpecht author
aHuiHan author
aJaromirNemec author
aKevinO'Gorman author
aIanShields author
aAndrewC.Huang author
aShirishHemantPhatak author
aWilliMayerthaler author
aDanielMicol author
aDalilaBekhouche author
aCorinaForascu author
aYingBao author
aNoureddineBelkhatir author
aHanneErdmanThomsen author
aChuchangLiu author
aKai-ChihLiang author
aDarylPorter author
aAkioKoyama author
aXiangXu author
aJohnStrassner author
aMarcoGonzalez author
aCristianoMancini author
aRobertM.Hayes author
aMykeGluck author
aVojtechSvetek author
aTawanBanchuen author
aKeriRomanufa author
aDmytroTykhonov author
aGenadyGrabarnik author
aChwen-TzengSu author
aJeremiasWerner author
aYin-heJiang author
aPeterValkenberg author
aAndrewLayman author
aBillSmith author
aDenisLynch author
aJanneSaarela author
aJacquesGuyot author
aChia-HuiChang author
aJyotishmanPathak author
aMasahiroKishida author
aLadjelBellatreche author
aTerryMoriarty author
aCarolaWenk author
aFumioSuzuki author
aChendongZou author
aD.N.J.Mostert author
aLiwenQiu author
aHeatherSimpson author
aMarkusDemleitner author
aEleanorJoRodger author
aTetsuroIto author
aGuopingHu author
aMichaelMeller author
aHaeDonChon author
aWenkeLee author
aL.Hernendez author
aIoanisNikolaidis author
aHideoItoh author
aIgalGabbay author
aGeorgianaPuscasu author
aEvaLorenzoIglesias author
aPinarKaragoz author
aDa-xinLiu author
aAliSalehi author
aWillisLang author
aKennyWong author
aZhenjunZhu author
aHagenHepfner author
aChristophGollmick author
aAshwinMachanavajjhala author
aSamuelDeFazio author
aKyung-ChangKim author
aTingjianGe author
aKeYi author
aJagratiAgrawal author
aPeterG.Selfridge author
aStefanPreishuber author
aCarstenBinnig author
aMagedEl-Sayed author
aRamenF.Brena author
aMichelDumontier author
vSemanticWebChallenge conf
aSeung-JaeSong author
aHaipingZhu author
aChristianLovis author
aMichaelDuggan author
aFedericoMora author
aFergusKelledy author
aYanRuiHuang author
aManuelBarrenaGarcea author
aPramodGupta author
aK.P.Tan author
aJosepM.RibeBalust author
aIrisReinhartz-Berger author
aRichardE.Thompson author
aGregoryH.Leazer author
aGwynethTseng author
aThomasDurand author
aStevenJ.Shute author
aRudyHirschheim author
aB.Ok author
aS.T.S.Prasad author
aMukeshMulchandani author
aVladimirFlorian author
aSergioFlesca author
aJianpingYin author
aYejunWu author
aHans-LudwigHausen author
aD.Funkat author
aWanSuwu author
aBillPaseman author
aHans-WernerSix author
aTsvetanAlexiev author
aIsaacBrewer author
aKlausMiesenberger author
aKenichiNishikawa author
aPetrMiksovske author
aJyhjongLin author
aWolframKahl author
aMarkR.Vigder author
aLeoGiakoumakis author
aHuiguangHe author
aXinjianChen author
aG.AlanWang author
aMelaniaDegeratu author
aNamheeKwon author
aG.ScottRutherford author
aArturasKaklauskas author
aGrantWang author
aThomasRisse author
aAndreEverts author
aShengquanPeng author
aWaiLupLow author
aSebastianManeth author
aVugranamC.Sreedhar author
aDivyaMuthukumaran author
aM.A.C.Dekker author
aClaudineConrado author
aErikMoll author
aVikramGoyal author
aMasaoSakata author
aRandallSalas author
aMichaelMrissa author
aGuidoGovernatori author
aJamesM.Slack author
aCheeChinLow author
aDonaldF.Norris author
aChristianEichinger author
aToruHisamitsu author
aToruNishimura author
aKing-sunFu author
aPankajK.Agarwal author
aBarbaraOliboni author
aPengXu author
aYilingYang author
aKoheiMaruyama author
aDeguangKong author
aKye-DongJung author
aHoFang author
aC.Goh author
aRuoboHuang author
aHongZhao author
aBramMinnaert author
aXiangzhiSheng author
aYafeiDai author
aAdamYeh author
aDanzhouLiu author
aSreenivasGollapudi author
aRiccardoRizzo author
aPeggyM.Irish author
aJeanPaulVeuillez author
aMarkJ.Weal author
aHiroakiHarada author
aJamesD.Foley author
aMartinFarach-Colton author
aPeteBramhall author
aNoraKoch author
aZhigangZhang author
aP.Madhusudan author
aAndreeaBerfield author
aWillardW.Farley author
aTak-ChungFu author
aNicholasJ.Giordano author
aRobertJ.Brunner author
aWayneE.Moore author
aMirjanaIvanovic author
aBaharTaneri author
aJoseRuiz-Shulcloper author
aNeilRidgway author
aChristianDoerr author
aMaxBramer author
aC.Davis author
aRichardF.Helm author
aJean-MichelHelary author
aCarlaPiazza author
aMarcoA.G.M.Maia author
aHowardW.Beck author
aPedroI.Rivera-Vega author
aJamesS.Clark author
aHelmutThene author
aToletySivaPerraju author
aYongJinKwon author
aSuk-WooYun author
aYang-WonLee author
aAlinaDiaMiron author
aLipingDi author
aBog-JaLim author
aBernhardLorenz author
aJensThamm author
aHiroyukiHorinokuchi author
aMirAbolfazlMostafavi author
aMehrdadSalehi author
aJamesA.Larson author
aPeterPistor author
aRichardStaehli author
aBenjaminHurwitz author
aPedroBlesaPons author
aDannyC.C.Poo author
aJessicaL.Milstead author
aHaseebF.Rashid author
aR.P.ChanningRodgers author
aJudithWeedman author
aDorothyWippern author
aClaudioCarpineto author
aMatthewSargaison author
aR.Gagliardi author
aAntti-PekkaLiedes author
aFlorinDragan author
aMichaelP.Mariani author
aStephenWong author
aGeorgeTriantafyllos author
aRobertC.Steinke author
aTakuhiroNagafuji author
aJihadBoulos author
aT.Boon author
aTomesVlcek author
aGermanKopytov author
aPereA.Palmer author
aYidaWang author
aPhilipM.Turner author
aChristosYfoulis author
aReneJanssen author
aRaimundoF.DosSantos author
aDougA.Bowman author
aRuihongHuang author
aRobertPless author
aJoeoPedroCosta author
aJ.SpruceRiordon author
aYasuhikoKuranaga author
aMarjorieTempleton author
aYuguoChen author
aJ.ThomasHaigh author
aDonaldF.Towsley author
aScottRenner author
aLeahSandvoss author
aOlafSpinczyk author
aVeraGoebel author
aHarryLeslie author
aJerryBaulier author
aDavidRozenshtein author
aAntonioCau author
aTienNhutNguyen author
aXiaoqinZhang author
aXinGu author
aStevenFurnell author
aBattuguldurLkhagva author
aKyojiKawagoe author
aMarkC.Little author
aWilliamL.MoranJr. author
aShu-WieF.Chen author
aZheWang author
aGobindaG.Chowdhury author
aHyukRoPark author
aJingShao author
aKazunariSugiyama author
aBangyongLiang author
aAlexanderHolupirek author
aJochenBernauer author
aYuWu author
aIngmarWeber author
aNam-HeeHong author
aMatthieuCord author
aYairLiberzon author
aShyi-MingChen author
aM.Saba author
aShengliSheng author
aJoVanVaerenbergh author
aWafikFarag author
aYitongWang author
aDavidToth author
aMarcoAntonioMastratisi author
aChristianDorau author
aDungXuanThiLe author
aK.Pahlavan author
aDraganaBrzakovic author
aCarolynStanley author
aBei-tsengChu author
aJoshuaSchiffman author
aGeorgeR.S.Weir author
aLiudmilaV.Boldareva author
aSimenC.Smith author
aBethBrownholtz author
aDimitriosDervos author
aJoelBrunet author
aSyandraSari author
aMarioJarmasz author
aChanghuaYang author
aParasMehta author
aEstelaSaquete author
aPhilippTomsich author
aKojiHashimoto author
aAntonyUnwin author
aMarekKretowski author
aLaurenceLeherte author
aTomasHrycej author
aTimW.Nattkemper author
aMiriamAnten-Rodreguez author
aBrunoRochat author
aR.Layaida author
aAngelaCristinaDuta author
aDirkJonscher author
aShaulDar author
aJ.Flammer author
aIchijiItoh author
aTingDeng author
aYukihisaIshimura author
aAurelieBertaux author
aMaximGrinev author
aJimThomas author
aBrianR.Gaines author
aNaceraBennacer author
vJ.DataSemanticsIII conf
aShi-JieJiang author
aAlexanderSlama author
aAndreasMauthe author
aZhiqiangYang author
aAlexanderOcsa author
aMarcusCostaSampaio author
aOlliLuoma author
aThomasFeglar author
aTarmoRobal author
aJorgeJ.Gemez-Sanz author
aRichardMcClatchey author
aChristianDentgen author
aPeterWesterkamp author
aLilianaArdissono author
aEvrenSirin author
aKrisCardinaels author
aJohnHarney author
aAmyLo author
aPhilipC.Woodland author
aMarcoPecorone author
aK.Lam author
aJamesA.Ruddy author
aGeorgV.Zemanek author
aZizetteBoufriche-Boufaeda author
aMingC.Hao author
aRodrigoAgerri author
aWengTatChan author
aChristianSee author
aRuiGureghianScarinci author
aAndyBrass author
aWalterRupietta author
aAudreyM.Tam author
aKhalidAl-Kofahi author
aPeterHeep author
aAntonioDeNicola author
aPierre-YvesGuillo author
aGaihuaFu author
aKerenLenz author
aEricSedlar author
aMaryJ.Culnan author
aIlyaS.Geller author
aEduardoCunhadeAlmeida author
aAnthonyVentresque author
aJerenimoPla-Civera author
aYoungilKim author
aNimrodMegiddo author
aAntalNovak author
aRichardD.Fennell author
aKenQ.Pu author
aNialMuecke author
aPaulChan author
aFergalMonaghan author
aDanielVanderpooten author
aDinaBitton author
aKennethMoore author
aDineshDas author
aChantalReynaud author
aAhmedCheriat author
aEgemenTanin author
aYannisG.Mitsopoulos author
aW.Yan author
aEugeneKogan author
aJorgeMartenezGil author
aBenPaechter author
aHanghangTong author
aM.Y.Y.Leung author
aJanetTom author
aKeijiMoki author
aOdysseasPapapetrou author
aRuiZhou author
aNaoakiHoriuchi author
aBerndFreisleben author
aMarkJ.Huiskes author
aJiwoonJeon author
aMehmetDundar author
aAlanS.Abrahams author
aBixinLiu author
aKarenBrannon author
aGuoweiLiu author
aChaofengSha author
aMarc-DavidCohen author
aHaiLeongChieu author
aJamesE.Mulford author
aMing-ShunLin author
aMaurizioMartelli author
aM.Collard author
aAkiraFukuda author
aRaghavanKomondoor author
aCarlWoolf author
aZhongmingHan author
aM.Nishimura author
aBotaoWang author
aLongzhuangLi author
aRaghunathOthayoth author
aMauriceHerlihy author
aWoo-CheolKim author
aJoongGeunLee author
aR.Ramesh author
aJeffreyS.Simonoff author
aYujunWang author
aPingWang author
aJanStadermann author
aKyojiUmemura author
aHiromiOzaku author
aGuilinChen author
aGuodongZhou author
aChien-HsingChen author
aJugalK.Kalita author
aNunoJ.Mamede author
aDirkHabich author
aDavidA.Patterson author
aMichaelWan author
aYoshihiroTsuchiya author
aBryanBanister author
aJohnBerbert author
aVladimirDreizin author
aMichaelTackitt author
aDirkGrunwald author
aHarryVoorhees author
aI.McLeod author
aAndreasGrasnickel author
aFelixFreitag author
aMathiasNeumeller author
aSergeDemeyer author
aAmeliaBadica author
aWee-LiangHeng author
aSutthipongThavisomboon author
aMalteMenke author
aRobertRieger author
aJeremyRoschelle author
aGwi-TaePark author
aSiweiLuo author
aXiaoWu author
aRichardM.Everson author
aChenZheng author
aKiJungLee author
aAndreaNuernberger author
aJ.RaulRamirez author
aHaoyiWang author
aSamuelD.Popper author
aDonnaS.Canestraro author
aWillemPieterson author
aJosephSchmitz author
aBarbaraFlegge author
aNikosNtarmos author
aHuiLee author
aHejiaoHuang author
aSooYeongYi author
aNataliaVanetik author
aDeepakRajan author
aLamberM.M.Royakkers author
aCatherineD.Jensen author
aNorbertWidmann author
aJohnShepherd author
aLaurentDeruelle author
aDjamelAbdelkaderZighed author
aNaTa author
aMichinariMomma author
aDiYang author
aMarkoSmiljanic author
aBruceLambert author
aDuaneSzafron author
aPeterSykacek author
aHenriLuchian author
aManfredLinnert author
aIngeborgSiggelkow author
aHak-CheolKim author
aKathrynR.Varjabedian author
aDavidMcG.Squire author
aWolfgangMeller0002 author
aArunK.Majumdar author
aJeremyTantrum author
aBilalChebaro author
aEmmanuelDebanne author
aTimMartyn author
aKennGardels author
aZengjianHu author
aClaudiaPlant author
aOzifranklySilva author
aBegoeaMoros author
aFung-YeeChan author
aMicheleLapi author
aLucreziaMacchia author
aFrancescoParisi author
aAnnalisaFranco author
aMatteoMordacchini author
aHeinzFrank author
aWillem-JanvandenHeuvel author
aPatrickC.K.Hung author
aJinyiChang author
aHideyaIwasaki author
aBeihongJin author
aNathalieHabing author
aGerryStahl author
aMargaretChan author
aAnaKarlaAlvesdeMedeiros author
aRogerSettenbach author
aChristineKelly author
aGritDenker author
aCraigYamashita author
aMichaelJ.Bass author
aAmitSingh author
aPaulCraig author
aH.Noble author
aAnnaTrifonova author
aSeenMarlow author
aJohnD.Lafferty author
aS.J.O'Connell author
aSusanE.Lander author
aYongguangZhang author
aMyoung-AhKang author
aAmyW.Apon author
aYan-PingZhao author
aTetsuhikoAwaji author
aTong-MingLim author
aJoanAsh author
aXavierLopez author
aRogerC.Schank author
aAxelHahn author
aHildegardRumetshofer author
aJaydipSen author
aNigelStanger author
aMagdiM.A.Morsi author
aAnatolyA.Stogny author
aS.Vazzana author
aAnkitGarg author
aAravindYalamanchi author
aManishGupta0003 author
aMuhammadJaseemuddin author
aNikhilSwamy author
aTantekeelik author
aChungWonSeo author
aRongYan author
aYoshihikoKawai author
aAlbertoD.Pascual-Montano author
aJelenaTesic author
aJunHan author
aJohnZic author
aKhaledYagoub author
aC.Y.Zhang author
aYeonKwangYeon author
aJiguiSun author
aJamesSoutter author
aAlasdairJ.G.Gray author
aSriramRao author
aCarolineC.Hayes author
aRajkumarSen author
aH.-P.Behr author
aChungKeungPoon author
aVincentHilaire author
aAnthonyJ.Bagnall author
aLi-JuanZhou author
aMingZhang author
aSang-HeeLee author
aLiMa author
aSatyaSanketSahoo author
aGabrielIllouz author
aR.Pressman author
aChristopherA.Higgins author
aEmranQureshi author
aSamMardanbeigi author
aSusanPaulsen author
aAdrianSilvescu author
aMarianoFernendez-Lepez author
aGeertJanSchrijen author
aDarcyG.Benoit author
aChristelleAyache author
aYingSun author
aJeffreyJames author
aCharles-AntoineJulien author
aSimonDennis author
aAllenCondit author
aRobertFunk author
aGiovanniGuida author
aMayankBawa author
aPeterLi author
aSichunXu author
aYannisPanagis author
aFilippoLanubile author
aShie-JueLee author
aKianWinOng author
aBorisDahav author
aEgorBugaenko author
aNicholasL.Cassimatis author
aPeterZion author
aAntenioSerralheiro author
aDerekThompson author
aB.Hadfield author
aWann-YunShieh author
aT.D.Wilson author
aKarinaHauser author
aCorinneJergensen author
aClodoveuA.Davis author
aP.Howell author
aSookyungSong author
aDazhouKang author
aAnneDenton author
aShifuChen author
aGuohuiLi author
aAtsushiIizawa author
aHemaSharda author
aTakanoriMouri author
aM.Li author
aMarkoRobnik-Sikonja author
aMarkShavlik author
aG.J.Stafford author
aMartaPerez-Casany author
aFrancoZambonelli author
aVladimerBartek author
aDamienOlivier author
aMichelPilote author
aHuanyeSheng author
aJianweiZhang0002 author
aYiLuo author
aJialieShen author
aDieterKorus author
aAndrewDeacon author
aXinLunaDong author
aPeterLim author
aCraigWong author
aMartinSchneider author
aLionelGueguen author
aJamesH.Kaufman author
aChun-TianCheng author
aEmilioDavis author
aNaybellHernendez author
aKeh-ChiangYu author
aTranTrang author
aMichaelJ.Sweredoski author
aAashuVirmani author
aPavelKremer author
aMarekObitko author
aPierluigiAssogna author
aG.Andrighetto author
aSvenAbels author
aJanGoossenaerts author
aDavidVanRossum author
aAntonioGrau author
aFrankMoser author
aManolisFragonikolakis author
aOlegasVasilecas author
aHye-YoungKang author
aSaiHoYau author
aJuanitaWaltonBillings author
aMargaretHilsbos author
aClaireVishik author
aSanjoyMalik author
aAndreasGertner author
aJeffreyMillman author
aRemcoM.Dijkman author
aMinxinShen author
aPaulTarau author
aGregVaughn author
aRuudW.vanderPol author
aFedericoBiagini author
aHyunjeongPark author
aKazimierzKowalski author
aClarenceGiese author
aR.RyanNelson author
aAbbeMowshowitz author
aGiuliaGalbiati author
aWaiYeePeterWong author
aKouzouOhara author
aAnkushMittal author
aJohanPetrini author
aYiHuaSheng author
aToshihikoHamano author
aAlfonsoRodreguez author
aOllivierHaemmerle author
aKelvinT.Leung author
aChandraChekuri author
aZiHuang author
aGianlucaMoro author
aVoNgocAnh author
aEamonnNewman author
aMeikeKlettke author
aMartinaSeidl author
aMarcoCammisa author
aChihLai author
aBalajiPadmanabhan author
aAngusNg author
aHidenoriOkuda author
aNoraReyes author
aManuelJ.FernendezIglesias author
aLobnaKaroui author
aKenjiSuzuki author
aLee-MingZen author
aMehdiEssid author
aMarkSheppard author
aGentherStiege author
aCharlesColeman author
aHongCui author
aWeiChang author
aDamonShing-MinLiu author
aTyroneWilson author
aM.Herrera author
aBarbaraRe author
aJohnJackman author
aAlanM.MacEachren author
aScottF.Midkiff author
aRayaFidel author
aStephenBrady author
aAgustiSolanas author
aDihuaGuo author
aVincentCho author
aJonHutchins author
aVirgelioA.F.Almeida author
aKensukeFukuda author
aSudarsananNesamony author
aBinXiao author
aHye-JungLee author
aMengYao author
aWayneL.Bethea author
aRidaA.Bazzi author
aVivianLord author
aAhmedElaksher author
aK.ShamBhat author
aSeiichiKoizumi author
aMichaelSpring author
aDeepayanChakrabarti author
aPierreGeneves author
aWan-YuWeng author
aLipingJing author
aA.RikiY.Morikawa author
aGiovanniBartolomeo author
aPaoloL.Scala author
aJorgeMarxGemez author
aZuoquanLin author
aMatthieuLatapy author
aJonghwaChoi author
aYunshengLiu author
aChang-ShingLee author
aEdwinM.Knorr author
aMarkRyan author
aHeidiScott author
aKurtLichtner author
aRichardW.Kopak author
aAriVisa author
aGina-AnneLevow author
aMarkOliverGeld author
aGregoryA.Godfrey author
aWilliamT.Scherer author
aShambhuJ.Upadhyaya author
aDongyanXu author
aW.-L.Lo author
aJensKaasbell author
aNickA.Heard author
aFilipZelezne author
aHaibinCheng author
aMilenkoPetrovic author
aBrunoGusmeoRocha author
aY.M.Chiu author
aYingCai author
aAndyWilson author
aJen-JieChiou author
aHisashiKashima author
aRongGe author
aWenyinTang author
aTyroneGrandison author
aSylvieServigne author
aRobertFeick author
aDirkBurghardt author
aShih-LungShaw author
aMinsooKim author
aFraneois-MarieColonna author
aKamilMatousek author
aIeakiPaz author
aStephenQuirolgico author
aChristineVerdier author
aSatoshiKurihara author
aLingLi author
aAndreasZachmann author
aRuxandraDomenig author
aKarinaS.Santos author
aGuyVaysseix author
aYongCho author
aC.A.Geiger author
aHorstBischof author
aQuinnHart author
aReaseyPraing author
aManfredKaul author
aRalfHeese author
aMichaelBrinkmeier author
aPatriceBuche author
aCristinelMateis author
aSurnjaniDjoko author
aHuiZhao author
aTrongDungNguyen author
aBrijM.Masand author
aSeongLee author
aWenJunYin author
aBerbaraLagoeiroMoreira author
aJoseSaias author
aDavidCruz author
aMarkE.Rorvig author
aF.X.Sligo author
aP.ZoeStavri author
aJohnL.Cole author
aAlexanderN.Korotkov author
aZhipingFeng author
aLiorLukov author
aMichaelSintek author
aBrunoCremilleux author
aMayaVenkatraman author
aemerEgecioglu author
aElyPorat author
aFumihiroMatsuo author
aAndreaSikeler author
aV.D'Appollonio author
aAnupamBasu author
aEsamAlwagait author
aGiuseppeDiBattista author
aGordonC.Everest author
aHasanH.Sayani author
aJayGoldman author
aChaoDong author
aChengWang author
aGuangquanZhang author
aHirotoshiIwasaki author
aKiHongKim author
aQiongChen author
aScottL.Vandenberg author
aOresteSignore author
aDirkEllinghaus author
aRichardD.SissonJr. author
aZhouxuanTeng author
aKathyLeeSimunich author
aAlvinCheung author
aElaineR.Dobinson author
aYifanLi author
aAshwinRam author
aChien-WeiChen author
aCristianDuda author
aTzviRaz author
aDarrellR.Raymond author
aAlessandraA.Macedo author
aHenrikeBerthold author
aDmitriBoulanger author
aGracielaGonzalez author
aTimothyArndt author
aImadKhoury author
aChristianWagner author
aPauloDias author
aDarioBonino author
aIrenaMlenkove author
aMareaIdoiaRuiz-Fuertes author
aSergeMidonnet author
aKarenHenricksen author
aAurobindoSundaram author
aMohammadDadashzadeh author
aLiXu author
aPeterWaiYeeWong author
aDavidNovak author
aJean-PhilippeVandeborre author
aJiqiZhang author
aDanSong author
aRaulMedinaBeltrandeOtalora author
aCeesSnoek author
aJohnAdcock author
aTheofanisKannetis author
aNazliIkizler author
aCheng-ChiehChiang author
aSimonGoodall author
aHidehikoTanaka author
aSockYinTai author
aMoon-SooChang author
aXu-DongZhang author
aCheng-ZenYang author
aVilleT.Turunen author
aYangZhang author
aRafalRak author
aJudyMullins author
aYvanBedard author
aPankajKumar author
aAlexanderLorenz author
aBarryE.Jacobs author
aKunSeokOh author
aRamziR.Yehia author
aM.Slabbertje author
aRenevanHorik author
aEdnaG.deG.Brennand author
aSueFowell author
aJosephXiong author
aTadaoIchikawa author
aYilongLiang author
aHyunjungShin author
aZhiyuanYe author
aSue-ChenHsueh author
aShoubaoSu author
aQiangHe author
aJeerayutChaijaruwanich author
aKaipingWei author
aAliM.Tafreshi author
aRuthMiller author
aHiroshiSakamoto author
aChristianZimmer author
aJeremeGodard author
aSubhashBhalla author
aJuliaCouto author
aPascalBunelle author
aRichardBolden author
aWojciechKowalczyk author
aFlevioMello author
aFredericoPereiraReis author
aFritsC.Cattenstart author
aRuzanShahinian author
aYingfengSu author
aZhaoyongHou author
aViktorZigo author
aKenSakamura author
aC.Wei author
aGoviGovindarajan author
aFeidaZhu author
aA.J.Feelders author
aVijayarkaNandikonda author
aDhavalJoshi author
aSophieGamerman author
aHaruakiYamazaki author
aR.D.Boyne author
aMichelleY.Kim author
aEricA.Brewer author
aDong-IkLee author
aPierreGraebling author
aMasahiroTerabe author
aErikL.Johnson author
aIrfanAltas author
aDavidN.Jansen author
aS.Papahristos author
aMarcG.Welz author
aHitoshiMatsushima author
aAntoniLigeza author
aRaymondS.T.Lee author
aMollyStock author
aGeneE.Trivett author
aPriyadarshiBhattacharya author
aTobyXu author
aNicolaHenle author
aNoraZokaite author
aHelmutSchmidt author
aAndreNaef author
aKatyBerner author
aWilliamWebber author
aVijayBoyapati author
aAmolNayate author
aMuneakiOhshima author
aMing-yuChen author
aMeiWang author
aJianyingZhou author
aJunZhu author
aLiangSun author
aJameelSyed author
aAmolGhoting author
aRichardOldfield author
aRolandBillen author
aJean-ChristopheR.Pazzaglia author
aMatthewMontebello author
aLevonLloyd author
aHongweiZhu author
aG.C.H.Sharman author
aAshokSavasere author
aJesualdoTomesFernendez-Breis author
aDiogoR.Ferreira author
aSteenBrahe author
aJanMartijnE.M.vanderWerf author
aByungdukJeong author
aDianaHeckl author
aPedritoMaynard-Zhang author
aAlexanderFrommelt author
aHamedValizadegan author
aHeliHiisile author
aJulieSunderman author
aSuhridBalakrishnan author
aDavidM.Steier author
aHongCheng author
aDavidPoole author
aAllenD.Malony author
aDucDungNguyen author
aGangFang author
aChristianTilgner author
aAlexanderDolnik author
aMariosHadjieleftheriou author
aNeilChing author
aYannisLabrou author
aXianLingLu author
aKuang-HuaChen author
aTerryNoreault author
aCarstenWeich author
aGauravNaik author
aSandraTeixeira author
aJoeCarpinelli author
aDanielBorrajo author
aSergioDavalos author
aYuanyingMo author
aJianjiangLu author
aDepeiQian author
aNishinoFumihito author
aYosihisaUdagawa author
aHenryC.B.Chan author
aGiovanniB.Moneta author
aBrunoCodenotti author
aKazuhiroKitagawa author
aBernardBekavac author
aPeterL.Noerr author
aRaffaeleVertucci author
aVincenzoCannella author
aYongshengZhao author
aChun-HuaChou author
aManuelEsteve author
aJ.IanMunro author
aMatthewMorgenstern author
aAndrewS.Cromarty author
aDanielH.Fishman author
aKarimKeddara author
aYonggeWang author
aTuanD.Pham author
aNathanielMartin author
aNikolayI.Nikolaev author
aMaurizioMazza author
aMurali-KrishnaAchari author
aZoltenSzamonek author
aMohammedJ.Zaki author
aSubramanianSattanathan author
aAlexieiDingli author
aVishwaVinay author
aDavidLillis author
aJeongwooKo author
aMichaelJ.Taylor author
aPatriceBellot author
aW.-N.Liu author
aAlbertoTrombetta author
aHuaizhongLin author
aMonteLunacek author
aHajimeKitakami author
aLinGuo author
aFengPeng author
aSungJinKim author
aAliE.Dashti author
aDavidA.Holland author
aAndrewJ.McAllister author
aBarryFritchman author
aFranckyTrichet author
aCesardePablo-Senchez author
aM.ShamimKhan author
aS.L.Mehndiratta author
aAdamSilberstein author
aChen-YuLee author
aElisabethDavenport author
aRodolphePriam author
aHongYan author
aJergBaus author
aVivianaPatti author
aTatianaTommasi author
aLokeshSetia author
aGeborNagypel author
aHonHwang author
aGregoryCobena author
aStefanHolland author
aHugoW.L.terDoest author
aJoseAlbertoFernendez author
aWayneV.Duquaine author
aRajuBalakrishnan author
aW.KentFuchs author
aXiaodongZhang author
aO.Deyerling author
aP.Papathomas author
aFaroukKamoun author
aMahamatGuiagoussou author
aNittayaKerdprasop author
aJeffErickson author
aPankajJalote author
aLeonA.Shklar author
aRobertL.Read author
aAmanNaimat author
aHajimeHoriuchi author
aLeszekLilien author
aPieterBekaert author
aTatsuyaHagino author
aSriramVaradarajan author
aThomasSandholm author
aNektariosDourdas author
aD.Meddahi author
aStaJean-David author
aF.Ghenassia author
aYaoZheng author
aYoshiakiTakata author
aBarbaraMasucci author
aAndreasRuthert author
aMarianOlteanu author
aFelisaVerdejo author
aS.Shair-Adi author
aI-EnLiao author
aLaurentYeh author
aMarcioNascimento author
aKarlaDonatoFook author
aAndreDiasBastos author
aValeriaGonealvesSoaresElias author
aCliftonPhua author
aTakashiOnoda author
aSuzanneLittle author
aChung-MingHuang author
aStuartMoulthrop author
aAlminasCivilis author
aRangasamiL.Kashyap author
aNingKang author
aKiseokChoi author
aSebastiaanH.vonSolms author
aElkePulvermeller author
aMariaGraziaTori author
aWolfgangFaber author
aMinFang author
aRichardWright author
aP.VenkatRangan author
aHenryM.Gladney author
aVenkataramanRamesh author
aNancyL.Tinkham author
aMichaelSalisbury author
aXuanZhou author
aThuD.Nguyen author
aRameshS.Sankaranarayana author
aHolgerBranding author
aCarlA.Horton author
aWilliamM.Brown author
aDavidJ.Abel author
aAndrewE.Fano author
aZijianZheng author
aXiaoyueWang author
aBinZhou0002 author
aGeorgeR.Barnes author
aChengzhengSun author
aYuJiao author
aFeiSong author
aVladIngarWietrzyk author
aGenongYu author
aVitoPerrone author
aHiroyukiYoshino author
aJulienPonge author
aJeremyHayes author
aHongZhang author
aByoungguChoi author
aKennethJ.Goldman author
aMikeW.Blasgen author
aJamesC.Moore author
aDanaLupsa author
aClaudioNascimento author
aSergeyLukichev author
aTommiKerkkeinen author
aMarianaJbantova author
aShuichiTakizawa author
aM.Syed author
aMarkusStraeer author
aShinsukeNakajima author
aSebastienMustiere author
aThomasF.Gordan author
aJulieGivaudan author
aIsmoRakkolainen author
aGeorgKesters author
aAihuaXu author
aPao-YingAn author
aMaxVelkel author
aLingZhang author
aHannahLee author
aLihuiChen author
aJinkangJia author
aJinuJoo author
aTianminMa author
aYanpingLv author
aXiaominZhu author
aXuelinShi author
aYanfengFan author
aYangLan author
aNasrullahMemon author
aYibinHou author
aXiaopengTao author
aKwokK.Yu author
aRobertL.Carter author
aYogendraJoshi author
aRobinSinger author
aJ.Heller author
aManuelVilaresFerro author
aMariaRuiz-Casado author
aChristopheBobineau author
aYin-HueiLoh author
aLixianHan author
aLiangXu author
aFilippoGeraci author
aRevitalEres author
aYoanJosePinzenArdila author
aJin-JuHong author
aAndreaErnst-Gerlach author
aSoheilaKarbasi author
aYiZhao author
aXiaolinWu author
aHualiangCao author
aRalphE.Bunker author
aMieczyslawMuraszkiewicz author
aNaemaNagui-Raess author
aMasaruNakagawa author
aJonghyunSuh author
aGeraldoZimbreo author
aAdrianaB.Bruno author
aMariaCeceliaCalaniBaranauskas author
aGillesClement author
aH.W.Buff author
aYiyaoLu author
aVadimvonBrzeski author
aPo-JunTsai author
aT.Ito author
aRamnathBhat author
aSaraA.Bly author
aOlivierFerret author
aAe-sunYoon author
aJie-ChiYang author
aJi-HyunWang author
aKoichiMunakata author
aMingzheGu author
aNancyHartlineBercich author
aRamkumarKrishnan author
aByoungDaePark author
aTerenceJohnParr author
aSimonJ.Gibbs author
aTianyiWu author
aPatrickNeukomm author
aAntonioMassari author
aHisaoKameda author
aYanXiao author
aDanielN.Meredith author
aM.AkhtarAli author
aAlessandroTiberi author
aJohnLangford author
aLeiChen0003 author
aKuen-FangJackJea author
aBorisMotik author
aThomasPingel author
aJamesH.Coombs author
aN.M.Guimaraes author
aIanHeath author
aGuidovanRossum author
aHariBalakrishnan author
aGeraldPfeifer author
aAmeurBoujenoui author
aFrankBusborg author
aMichaelMathioudakis author
aVladimirA.Shekhovtsov author
aDongxiLiu author
aKaivonThadden author
aJoeLapp author
aTerryStanley author
aR.A.Bacon author
aKarenSmithCatlin author
aSusanaPajaresTosca author
aAhmedBayyari author
aBernardoA.Huberman author
aA.M.Printista author
aErnestoKrsulovic-Morales author
aC.B.Jeong author
aLinaBountouri author
aHyeonjeongMun author
aXiyaZhang author
aHelenaAhonen-Myka author
aShuichiIwata author
aXinYang author
aMatthijsvanLeeuwen author
aCagriInce author
aAnnaFormica author
aSergeS.Azarov author
aSung-SoonPark author
aMarkusKirchberg author
aAndreaMarchetti author
aYang-BinTang author
aNobuoShuto author
aMaurizioMarchese author
aStephanGrimm author
aAvareStewart author
aDavidBrill author
aHarisGeorgiadis author
aStevenBerson author
aAlessandroMasci author
aZahirBalaporia author
aIssamAlHajHasan author
aPascalFelber author
aPaulH.Klingbiel author
aLucaMainetti author
aJamesLarkin author
aJohnMcDaid author
aDaleC.Sutcliffe author
aFraneoisCharoy author
aYuzhongQu author
aXinLi author
aSebastianoVigna author
aEmiranCurtmola author
aLathaShankar author
aMichaelR.Berthold author
aGaryM.Weiss author
aJinChen author
aPinarSenkul author
aNilsKlarlund author
aAnkeOrtmann author
aJiefengCheng author
aLindaSirounian author
aIrenaKoprinska author
aPeterBecker0002 author
aClintHeyer author
aSallyMacFarlane author
aF.JavierAriza-Lepez author
aStephenMcCallum author
aDanieleFrosali author
aVojislavB.Misic author
aSoichiroIga author
aHyungsooJung author
aMinhHongTran author
aR.S.Carrera author
aMichielWiedijk author
aFengLu author
aJamshidSharif-Askary author
aLucaSpalazzi author
aIreneY.L.Chen author
aMartyHumphrey author
aMassimilianoDiPenta author
aPaulGordon author
aStephenL.Howard author
aArnoldoJoseMellerMolina author
aMauricioDeSimone author
aKenAida author
aBehnakYaltaghian author
aBrainCorrie author
aThorstenSteenweg author
aBrigitteKerherve author
aHans-JergenAuth author
aVolkmarLotz author
aM.Feltes author
aP.Legay author
aMarieDuzi author
aY.AlpAslandogan author
aJohnCrittenden author
aHaixiaZhao author
aY.Lei author
aRandallGuensler author
aDennisLytle author
aBrianBraunstein author
aWilliamG.LeFurgy author
aHyunmoKang author
aMoniqueGirard author
aLeonJ.Osterweil author
aMireyaEstrada-Marroquen author
aJinKyuLee author
aXiaohuiLong author
aZhenxiaoLuo author
aPhilippeCudre-Mauroux author
aM.Caneve author
aJensNeeb author
aRickvanRein author
aLarryL.Constantine author
aErikPerjons author
aAnirbanDasgupta author
aShengruTu author
aDavidT.H.Ng author
aRonMeir author
aWilliamE.Weihl author
aKennethM.Sochats author
aW.BoydRayward author
aTakashiYoshikawa author
aShinobuHasegawa author
aLarsRohrberg author
aSpiridonBakiras author
aKonstantinosA.Nedas author
aNirDolev author
aJeffreyConsidine author
aClintonMah author
aAlistairMcLean author
aWen-JuanHou author
aStevenBethard author
aPalRujan author
aRuixiangSun author
aYasushiOkuno author
aJernSchneidewind author
aOscarValdivia author
aLawrenceO.Hall author
aArneKoschel author
aWai-ChiFang author
aRussellC.Swan author
aSvenBittner author
aSebastienBaehni author
aKyuHyunKim author
aAntonMichlmayr author
aPaulPettersson author
aK.H.Pun author
aDomenicoLembo author
aLucaCardelli author
aAdamSmith author
aJaapSuermondt author
aFeiChen author
aDeeptKumar author
aHuseyinCenkOzmutlu author
aStephenLevin author
aCecileParis author
aKimJ.Vicente author
aRoelBrand author
aPierre-AlainMoellic author
aXiaobingLiu author
aShingoUchihashi author
aMingZhao author
aMaraNikolaidou author
aJeromeFessy author
aMichaelF.Chiang author
aSuleimanK.Kassicieh author
aMarcCourtois author
aByeongHeuiKwak author
aAnastasiaKaranastasi author
aStratosGeorgoulakis author
aAnsgarScherp author
aPeterM.Fischer author
aHugoHidalgo author
aFernandoDuarte author
aLucaBecchetti author
aHalvardSkogsrud author
aYoshikiMikami author
aYunxiaoMa author
aMikeSpreitzer author
aLeiShi author
aSelpiSelpi author
aMichaelHawrylycz author
aDanielHoffmann author
aJuhaTaina author
aMichaelO.Ball author
aUlrikeGlavitsch author
aEdChi author
aAndresRodreguez author
aJeremyNelson author
aPamelaJ.McKenzie author
aAltonYeow-KuanChua author
aWenxianZhang author
aJavedMostafa author
aJ.Y.Chen author
aPankajGoyal author
aChunxiaZhang author
aAlexanderLiu author
aTimothyJ.Bethea author
aAkinoriHara author
aAlicjaWieczorkowska author
aLluisGodo author
aDimitrisG.Kapopoulos author
aM.Sayyah author
aChristophMangold author
aHeJingmin author
aYasueKishino author
aYongTang author
aKunYue author
aLaurentiuVasiliu author
aShipingChen author
aRussellJ.Abbott author
aXiaoyanLi author
aRuiWang0002 author
aemitV.eatalyerek author
aAleksanderehrn author
aWillemJ.Kleefstra author
aYou-ChinFuh author
aAkiharuSakata author
aG.Shankaranarayan author
aH.Lee author
aLisaCingiserDiPippo author
aLauraMota-Herranz author
aTinghuaAi author
aDavidJ.Russomanno author
aJudithvanPutten author
aK.Richta author
aA.Takaci author
aHusseinSuleman author
aAhmadBakeri author
aDeokjaiChoi author
aEugeneHung author
aMehdiJazayeri author
aSuchitaVarshneya author
aJieHan author
aFedericaPaganelli author
aNicoleLevy author
aXiangyuJin author
aAntonioMariaRinaldi author
aMotomichiToyama author
aTsunehikoKameda author
aJohannaTikanmeki author
aJoseManuelPeea author
aShuichiTakino author
aHuabeiYin author
aMarkW.W.Vermeer author
aAthanasiosKinalis author
aMeliaM.Hoffman author
aMichelZitt author
aMercedesDeLaMoneda author
aJongS.Jang author
aPengchengGe author
aDonaldW.King author
aChaoZhou author
aChristianCeelen author
aWambertoWeberVasconcelos author
aMichaelGarland author
aMatthewHall author
aCherylSpeier author
aLauraCoutinho author
aEllenFrancineBarbosa author
aCharlesL.Isbell author
aDianeLambert author
aRedmondP.Burke author
aPiotrDalka author
aJohnJ.Mangano author
aRalphHolbein author
aErnstSikora author
aYasuhiroMori author
aMarijnKoolen author
aTomPrudhomme author
aDeanDuncan author
aGeoffreyC.Bowker author
aRobertD.Stevenson author
aDuncanG.Bell author
aRakeshChandra author
aKjellOrsborn author
aLajosFejes author
aAlistairP.Barros author
aYakovA.Kogan author
aVicenteMartenez author
aBrachaShapira author
aXiaXie author
aWing-KaiHon author
aAdamJ.Lee author
aAntonyEdwards author
aGregoryJensenworth author
aPatrickDrewMcDaniel author
aQuinnSnell author
aFredrikSeehusen author
aTanvirAhmed author
aHarleyD.Dickinson author
aMaryMcGlohon author
aKiyokoF.Aoki author
aLalanaKagal author
aWendeLong author
aTrentJaeger author
aHongxinHu author
aR.C.Ting author
aFredKwakkel author
aChristosM.Papaterpos author
aCorinnaHabeck author
aAlanRandolphKarben author
aPramodPatel author
aSumanNath author
aGuillaumeRaschia author
aAvivSegev author
aJohnDomingue author
aLilianaCabral author
aJanDemey author
aYeFang author
aHunterWilliams author
aConstanceA.Mayer author
aLisaR.Schiff author
aErsinCemKaletas author
aBoMeng author
aAndreaSchaerf author
aArunprasadP.Marathe author
aRogerL.Miller author
aWingLeung author
aMichaelHoey author
aJoseMauroVolkmerdeCastilho author
aSiu-CheungChau author
aArifMerchant author
aJinruHe author
aHiromiAmano author
aHyungJunAhn author
aGuifengTang author
aLuigiLaura author
aFredDamerau author
aRogerW.Ehrich author
aGeraldBarber author
aF.R.Campagnoni author
aMiroLehtonen author
aYihuaCao author
aYongchuanTang author
aLeiWang author
aHeleneBernard author
aK.Shimakawa author
aHideoAiso author
aBernardL.Menezes author
aTzyy-LongJiang author
aYasuhikoKanemasa author
aEliotChristian author
aDavidFallside author
aUweThaden author
aJean-FraneoisAbramatic author
aJoeoRogerioCaldasPinto author
aBrianDavis author
aGeorgAichholzer author
aJamesD.Carswell author
aAlistairJ.Edwardes author
aKyoung-SookKim author
aKey-HoPark author
aYong-JinKwon author
aJoon-SeokKim author
aDong-SukHong author
aH.Stengers author
aSebastianWerner author
aDavidBlakeman author
aStuartBailey author
aSanjayGoil author
aMihaiDatcu author
aOsamuKonishi author
aMejdatPakkan author
aSueM.Dintelman author
aGiovanniGiuffrida author
aHenryChen author
aHoria-NicolaiL.Teodorescu author
aRodneyBates author
aXinpingChen author
aEvaGardyn author
aFrankM.Guess author
aIchiroNakajima author
aVassilisMoustakis author
aKewalDhariwal author
aAndreasNeus author
aNirFriedman author
aChun-WeiTseng author
aZbigniewR.Struzik author
aShinjiSuzuki author
aSamuelSowell author
aAdilAlpkocak author
aPhillipT.Conrad author
aBorisJukic author
aS.Watts author
aMaheshJagannath author
aAloysiusCornelio author
aCathyNelsonHartman author
aAllisonZhang author
aChrisQuintana author
aJonathanStuart-Moore author
aSusanGauch author
aJuanQuemada author
aTomonoriIzumida author
aTakayukiIto author
aGeorgNessel author
aJohannKempe author
aJoachimPosegga author
aBandreddiE.Prasad author
aErikElmroth author
aAntonioRuizCortes author
aAnneLaurent author
aTatsuyaAsai author
aKrishnanPillaipakkamnatt author
aXiaozheWang author
aIrinaMerzliakova author
aMartinStanley author
aDamienMcAullay author
aBrianKulis author
aDeepakAgarwal author
aStephaneChiocchetti author
aRubenIzquierdo author
aKulaKekebaTune author
aMuathAlzghool author
aRachatrinTongrungrojana author
aHuanqingFeng author
aEnricoAugurusa author
aAnakAgungPutriRatna author
aElisengelaBotelho author
aAlfredL.Brown author
aGavinMercer author
aYangHu author
aAnnabelleMercier author
aEllenJ.Cramer author
aWonSukLee author
aAndrewG.Fry author
aRodolpheNassif author
aShivakantMishra author
aPuneetKumar author
aFrankM.Pittelli author
aJ.C.West author
aTimothyJ.Brown author
aJoshuaHui author
aLuanJin-feng author
aFragkiskosPentaris author
aJacquesWainer author
aJohnC.Mitchell author
aRuiLopes author
aVirpiRoto author
aSimonKing author
aAkimichiTanaka author
aErnestA.HersheyIII author
aJamesP.Fry author
aAllenMoulton author
aengelViea author
aV.Vinay author
aPeterBuxmann author
aRicardoDahab author
aRyanKastner author
aDavidYang author
aLeoY.Liu author
aVicenteOrjales author
aPaoloMissier author
aRaymondTurner author
aP.Mishra author
aSulimanAl-Hawamdeh author
aAbhinavGupta author
aAncaMuscholl author
aBenjaminGufler author
aYa-TiPeng author
aPasiPorkka author
aGeraldMoeller author
aRimSamiaKaabi author
aZhiminTian author
aMichaelT.Gately author
aAhtiSyreeni author
aAdityaKalyanpur author
aEunsookRyu author
aInjeKim author
aTongGao author
aJang-JongFan author
aDonaldR.Slutz author
aJafarAdibi author
aRichardMarkSoley author
aAviPfeffer author
aBrianOdgers author
aSimonG.Thompson author
aWimNijenhuis author
aD.K.Subramanian author
aStephanLukosch author
aK.Huff author
aJoeoPauloA.Almeida author
aAmolKatkar author
aThomasA.Funkhouser author
aDivyeshJadav author
aChristianStahl author
aTomasVitvar author
aYitzchakMiller author
aRamanathanV.Guha author
aAlanBorning author
aSrinathSrinivasa author
aGeraldCohen author
aGunhanPark author
aVesperOwei author
aClareGiardina author
aMinoruNakai author
aBeataKonikowska author
aRaulHakli author
aArmelleBrun author
aMauriceCoyle author
aJonathanSimonson author
aJillWalker author
aHuiMa author
aRodrigoSenra author
aPauloJustinianoRibeiroJr. author
aLauroRamosVenencio author
aWolfgangStille author
aMatthiasJoest author
aNirvanaMeratnia author
aEdwardJ.McCluskey author
aKurtReinhardt author
aFranzJ.Kurfess author
aStevenHowell author
aRogerGenther author
aMalcolmC.Taylor author
aJustinZ.Zhan author
aThomasD.Garvey author
aUgurHalici author
aMaryWitten author
aQuocVu author
aGiuseppeM.L.Sarne author
aWee-ChongOon author
aMattsAhlsen author
aBruceSchuchardt author
aJacquesAutran author
aF.Brissaud author
aGabrielGatzsche author
aPairinKaterattanakul author
aLeeS.Strickland author
aKuei-KueiLai author
aShuichiUeda author
aFangfangFeng author
aXindongLi author
aTomW.Keller author
aHrishikeshKarambelkar author
aKhaledM.Elbassioni author
aLiWuChang author
aN.Natarajan author
aEzioLefons author
aMichaHofri author
aAdamBosworth author
aPeterVanderbilt author
aYuh-MingShyy author
aThomasStephenson author
aCharlesLofton author
aT.C.Chong author
aRichardA.Becker author
aAnaPaulaAfonso author
aChawkiTawbi author
aD.MichaelDeVaney author
aGeorgeEadon author
aJerryScripps author
aHaruhikoShirai author
aJung-ImWon author
aPhilipJ.O'Shea author
aPatrickHochstenbach author
aKatsuhikoTakabayashi author
aHiroakiOgawa author
aSvetlanaMansmann author
aRobertL.Mairs author
aJonBakken author
aJoeMambretti author
aMariovanVliet author
aJianWu author
aThomasNeidhart author
aHenrikasPranevicius author
aRupeshNasre author
aPrashantPatil author
aHodaFahmy author
aAdrianNovischi author
aHozumiTanaka author
aFangLiu author
aChintanSanghvi author
aHongKiChu author
aNeelimaGupta author
aMeiqunHu author
aD.D.Karunaratna author
aHansJergenOhlbach author
aChristophHelma author
aMichaelRussell author
aSherriKennamer author
aShaoyiHe author
aJuliaAbrahams author
aRyosukeHotaka author
aRandalV.Zoeller author
aJui-TineLee author
aPetervanderStok author
aDietmarKaletta author
aEileenBerman author
aVishalSinha author
aChrisWood author
aKevinC.Matthews author
aMichaelLautenschlager author
aBinMeng author
aNishaTalagala author
aJamesWayda author
aPerLysne author
aPhilAndrews author
aMerrittE.Jones author
aYoshihisaShinagawa author
aVijayanSugumaran author
aRenaTheodosaki author
aMuraliThiyagarajah author
aGytisKarciauskas author
aKatsutoshiYada author
aHongxingTan author
aPengFu author
aMareeMujeeb-u-Rehman author
aJaerheenYang author
aWeiHao author
aLeoZhao author
aMartineHurault-Plantet author
aShumeetBaluja author
aPeterSiemen author
aLarsBackstrom author
aLarsHenningPedersen author
aRobertM.Bell author
aJerzyW.Grzymala-Busse author
aShirohHoribe author
aKunGao author
aJiepingYe author
aByung-JooKim author
aAnnaMaddalena author
aJamesR.Moyne author
aE.Manilich author
aPhilipWake author
aAnupriyaAnkolekar author
aMissaeYamamoto author
aRuiZhang0003 author
aY.EdmundLien author
aYe-InChang author
aHubertFeyrer author
aB.-S.Tan author
aG.Todesco author
aNawazKhan author
aRobertKay author
aWeidongChen author
aGuusSchreiber author
aXiaonanJi author
aFengzhanTian author
aZiqiangWang author
aMenghaoWang author
aLanzhouWang author
aDerenLi author
aP.Srinivas author
aHaroldBoley author
aGriffRichards author
aAnastasiosBezerianos author
aTetsuyaYoshida author
aArthurLimere author
aPatrickMcDaniel author
aAlexisGabadinho author
aOdysseasSekkas author
aJaredJackson author
aKamilSarae author
aPaulCastro author
aKeithvanRisjbergen author
aPatrickC.Mitchell author
aP.Desharnais author
aYanqingZhang author
aJeanG.Vaucher author
aVishalDoshi author
aR.RadhakrishnaPillai author
aBeatrizPerez author
aM.Greco author
aSayumiKurokawa author
aYonghongPeng author
aP.Ray author
aQingshengZhu author
aFrankPlastria author
aJonathanBiguenet author
aMarioMoreno author
aE.A.Hershey author
aPaulWalsh author
aOlivierBiton author
aI.R.Palmer author
aJoriMur author
aGillesBisson author
aMohamedTmar author
aP.Jourlin author
aKefengDeng author
aTonyS.H.Lee author
aMariaTeresaPazienza author
aJinhuiLi author
aPeterJ.Brown author
aDonaldE.Zimmerman author
aMarcBurgoine author
aGuichongLi author
aTakayukiNakata author
aYanchangZhao author
aMuhammadMarwanMuhammadFuad author
aYunhaoLiu author
aLianweiZhao author
aYiBao-Lin author
aGeunJeongLee author
aJysooLee author
aJamesF.Cunningham author
aPoorvaPotnis author
aKrishnaR.Nareddy author
aMarioCannataro author
aJensGrossklags author
aSenZhang author
aDmitryB.Goldgof author
aAndreasNernberger author
aCarstenGips author
aKarinaWolfram author
aAndreaPorzel author
aDavidLandau author
aMariaMonopoli author
aBoletteAmmitzbellMadsen author
aZbigniewSuraj author
aAndrzejSkowron author
aJacekKopecke author
aVolkerGruhn author
aCarlosE.Cuesta author
aGeorgeCybenko author
aDavidSu author
aAllanDickerman author
aM.J.Lewandowski author
aVasileiosHatzivassiloglou author
aChrisO'Toole author
aJaneE.Fountain author
aShifengZhang author
aDianaMaynard author
aMiguel-engelSicilia author
aAndreBergholz author
aPryscilaBarvikGuttoski author
aWeiruLiu author
aYildirayKabak author
aCarlosOrdonez0002 author
aJin-haKim author
aMartinLehring author
aFrederiqueLaforest author
aWilliamA.Andersen author
aBillieS.Goldstein author
aXiaomeiYu author
aTakayukiShiga author
aJean-YvesGay author
aDaeWoongRhee author
aJergenLeland author
aJoseMariaTurullTorres author
aPeterThomas author
aDonaldD.Cowan author
aArnonRungsawang author
aSupriyaPatil author
aZhenMeiZheng author
aMichaelValesek author
aBenoetLeBonhomme author
aHenningChristiansen author
aC.Voliotis author
aBaosongShan author
aKentoEmoto author
aKeiichiroHoashi author
aNobuyukiIgata author
aMarcinKaszkiel author
aFerdinandoVilla author
aMichaelMay author
aLucaPretto author
aZhaohuiZheng author
aWilliamC.White author
aAnthonyWatkinson author
aSajidHussain author
aJoakimEriksson author
aMarceloFinger author
aPeterDruschel author
aTaizoYamada author
aJanneSkyt author
aJitendraMalik author
aEdgarSommer author
aTomKraay author
aXiaoqiaoMeng author
aNataliaStash author
aAjayChakravarthy author
aSergioL.S.Mergen author
aRodrigoF.Borges author
aJoeoNunesdeSouza author
aJulianoBritodaJustaNeves author
aDanielaAlvarez author
aPeterPlessers author
aShafeeqSinnamohideen author
aMarcelKornacker author
aKieranGreer author
aSteffenVolz author
aAnneFiala author
aAlkaMishra author
aJudithL.Klavans author
aGiuseppeLettieri author
aJamesO'Toole author
aJohnN.Zigman author
aDennisG.Allard author
aJohnRosenberg author
aPaolaFoscoli author
aKazuhikoUshio author
aesaHagstrem author
aPradeepDubey author
aMattiPettersson author
aJuhaPuustjervi author
aJonKvalem author
aShigeruShimada author
aTatyanaM.Yakhno author
aNadiaYacoubiAyadi author
aRubenPeredoValderrama author
aHaomingLin author
aMd.HanifUddin author
aLi-ZhuZhou author
aGuoFangTeng author
aXiangJi author
aF.C.P.Chan author
aHaoHuang author
aTongQin author
aLeyunPan author
aZhaoLi author
aFrankSmadja author
aG.Strazzulla author
aSimonaE.Rombo author
aVladimirA.Fomichov author
aPeggyAgouris author
aQiFanChen author
aRodrigodeFreitasVale author
aHeleneTouzet author
aBasvanGils author
aJoeTekli author
aYumikoMatsuura author
aJanSacha author
aG.Secundo author
aAndreasBillig author
vXSW conf
aArneHandt author
aEvaAnnaLenz author
aUtaSterl author
aRichardLenz author
aGihanDawelbait author
aYannisDrougas author
aHuiyongXiao author
aDanielE.Cooke author
aYutakaMatsushita author
aQiHe author
aDoanNguyen author
aAndrewPo-JungHo author
aSaketKaushik author
aHeidiJ.C.Ellis author
aQuinzhengKong author
aD.J.Fuehrer author
aKeiShiuHo author
aTullioCoppotelli author
aFranciscoSilva-Mata author
aWilkoQuak author
aDianshengGuo author
aPetervanOosterom author
aDianneRichardson author
aJoseMoreira author
aClausBoyens author
aJ.Maroldt author
aRenzoSprugnoli author
aDavidM.McKeownJr. author
aG.Marque-Pucheu author
aEarlF.EcklundJr. author
aSheilahHoelscher author
aPauloBarthelmess author
aJohnC.S.Lui author
aTetsuroKakeshita author
aKoujiKikkawa author
aMichelKuntz author
aM.Marcadella author
aJingBai author
aYoshihideChubachi author
aChia-HungLin author
aLeZhang author
aYoichiTomiura author
aYiZhuang author
aBelleTseng author
aSumitMittal author
aDavidLamb author
aNeemaMoraveji author
aKekeCai author
aYuanzhenWang author
aConradT.K.Chang author
aKristinaLerman author
aEsperanzaMarcos author
aAmitJain author
aPrathimaRao author
aKatherineG.Herbert author
aFebioLuizLeiteJr. author
aRomeoPruno author
aHishamFeelifl author
aP.Kordelaar author
aS.ShaheenFatima author
aElioFameli author
aAndreasListl author
aR.Venema author
aHaoXu author
aMikhailN.Zhizhin author
aZhuoqunXu author
aDmitryVoitsekhovsky author
aMurielJourdan author
aAnnaRampini author
aNorihitoYasuda author
aAnamarijaBekavac author
aLilianWoudstra author
aKeri-LynnPaulson author
aDanKniesner author
aFotisLazarinis author
aJamesHartley author
aJuanLlorens author
aClaraM.Chu author
aZhangfeiZheng author
aW.J.Teahan author
aYalouHuang author
aPiyuTsai author
aMikaKeki author
aJanvandenBerg author
aBoLing author
aGhazwaMalak author
aHaijingFang author
aSeungJun author
aZharkoAleksovski author
aPedroFerreira author
aMagdielGalanOliveras author
aOsamiKagawa author
aCedricUdrea author
aYuboFan author
aMarcelBirkhold author
aBingWang author
aMarceloMoyano author
aAmyUnruh author
aS.Nakano author
aArnoldCharlesMeltzer author
aFlorianWaas author
aJanisStirna author
aJoostJ.P.Schalken author
aLiKuang author
aChiLangNgo author
aChristosBerberidis author
aLindaC.vanderGaag author
aTerryR.Payne author
aDeisedeBrumSaccol author
aKyriakosKritikos author
aZhihongRen author
aGokulSoundararajan author
aNickLecic author
aLouiseLamont author
aStevenS.Popovich author
aSimonMoser author
aHuajunChen author
aYongtaiZhu author
aKuoChuLee author
aForbesJ.Burkowski author
aSe-HwanJang author
aFeiTonyLiu author
aPengWang author
aAshutoshSingh author
aTariqSamad author
aSanjeevVadhavkar author
aRohanA.Baxter author
aMaoSongLin author
aArnaudSoulet author
aJean-PierreVialle author
aJergA.Walter author
aUweGlesser author
aYaxunWang author
aAsemOmari author
aGianlucaIannaccone author
aTraianMariusTruta author
aGeorgHackenberg author
aPhilippeLamarre author
aMingJiang author
aAnnChristineCatlin author
aGiancarloVercellesi author
aAlainMille author
aMelanieGnasa author
aFilipPerich author
aDavideLorusso author
aRomanSlowinski author
aElzbietaKolczynska author
aLaurentBesson author
aJacobAbernethy author
aRossS.Swick author
aAndrewJ.Saykin author
aPeterWhite author
aCaterinaCaracciolo author
aVladimirKotlyar author
aJonasBarklund author
aLouisO.Hertzberger author
aCongShi author
aFan-YuanMa author
aDanielKnaus author
aMartinM.Soubbotin author
aNicoleCesa-Bianchi author
aToruTakaki author
aF.N.Teskey author
aSongAnYuan author
aWilsonSweitzer author
aEijiArai author
aDouglasR.Hundley author
aJoeoPaveoMartins author
aNikitaSchmidt author
aJacobKogan author
aVasileiosMezaris author
aTiechengLiu author
aChristopheMillet author
aIonutPistol author
aLaurianneSitbon author
aPatrickPalmer author
aHeatherL.O'Brien author
aMihaelaMathieu author
aRichardA.O'Keefe author
aJanRauch author
aGenterRobbert author
aRolandFried author
aClaudiaBecker author
aJean-GabrielGanascia author
aJanPeterPatist author
aZhangWei author
aHongkiMin author
aUvaisAhmed author
aNingJiang author
aR.BharatRao author
aPaulMeek author
aGabrielaPolcicova author
aThomasFeyer author
aCristianaBolchini author
aKamariahA.Bakar author
aMarkA.Neerincx author
aDongmeiWang author
aAlexMarkov author
aMichaelP.O'Mahony author
aIsabelleMarshall author
aLeonardoCarbonara author
aAnamarijaRozic-Hristovski author
aKioumarsNamiri author
aVincentArena author
aYingYu author
aChristianWolter author
aFranciscoMontero author
aZhaoyangDong author
aYujinLee author
aArdaNural author
aMauricioSanchez author
aJean-BaptisteLagorce author
aJoelleMadec author
aA.Voisin author
aDavidBoaz author
aBernardMoulin author
aPadmaRaghavan author
aJoannaAbraham author
aBethinaSchmitt author
aAngeloE.M.Ciarlini author
aGildaHelenaBernardinodeCampos author
aGerdKortemeyer author
aFebioJoseCoutinhodaSilva author
aDer-TsaiLee author
aRaniaKhalaf author
aYang-TingYeh author
aDanielT.Naso author
aFrankChiu author
aAllisonL.Powell author
aHayatoOhwada author
aConstantiaKakali author
aIl-SeokOh author
aSandeepanBanerjee author
aHermanBalsters author
aHenkMoed author
aChristopheGarion author
aMeng-LaiYin author
aAdrianSpalka author
aAdamGzella author
aHakLaeKim author
aP.M.Stewart author
aStephenJ.Wright author
aHuimeiLiu author
aKyong-HoLee author
aFabianM.Suchanek author
aChengJiunYuan author
aCeciliaRobinson author
aRobertSanderson author
aJ.WesleyGraham author
aHansHenrikLevengreen author
aTakeshiKurashima author
aD.Mouzakis author
aWeiSun author
aJuWeiSim author
aMaggyAnastasiaSuryanto author
aTarekHelmy author
aZaherAghbari author
aCraigStanding author
aW.Gerhard author
aAldoParadiso author
aAnuragChaudhry author
aJiJin author
aMeiKobayashi author
aV.Chakravarthy author
aW.Lam author
aFedericoBarber author
aMareaF.Esteller author
aXinFu author
aBimleshWadhwa author
aGiuseppeVizzari author
aRicardoVilalta author
aTakeshiYamada author
aThomiPilioura author
aKennethBaclawski author
aQinkeWang author
aStephanieRiche author
aDanieleSacchetti author
aLouiseT.Su author
aHongyanJing author
aJaniiCorley author
aDennisJ.Brueni author
aMykolaGalushka author
aYoujinChang author
aYe-ShoChen author
aDanaS.Nau author
aPaulGroenewoud author
aShinjiOta author
aMeng-ShinYeh author
aR.Harpantidou author
aSudattaChowdhury author
aJoAnneRocker author
aPavelIrcing author
aAdrianIftene author
aThiTruongAvrahami author
aDonaldC.Comeau author
aOllePersson author
am.c.schraefel author
aAndreasSchade author
aMichaelYearworth author
aMingtianZhou author
aRalfBehrens author
aKyoung-DonKang author
aQihuaWang author
aGaryS.Ho author
aTomesSkopal author
aMathieuDugre author
aHarumiMinemura author
aStephenSmith author
aKuldeepTanna author
aTorstenWillrich author
aMichaelPhilippsen author
aSinhHoaNguyen author
aYannisKotsanis author
aDongmanLee author
aChi-ShiangChan author
aJau-JiShen author
aTsutomuTerada author
aToshioModegi author
aYashushiSakurai author
aReijerGrimbergen author
aKyoung-RanKim author
aYinglinSun author
aDashanWang author
aMarvinV.Zelkowitz author
aClaudiaPearce author
aBonnieMacKellar author
aJuliaNeumann author
aBarbaraZengler author
aRobertSchiele author
aWilliamList author
aLourensVeen author
aGiovanniToffetti author
aP.A.Dwyer author
aJohnE.Bell author
aStephenW.Draper author
aChristosBouras author
aJiantingZhang author
aBiankaM.M.T.Gonealves author
aJanL.Top author
aMauricioMinutoEspil author
aGaryValentin author
aUmarFarooqMinhas author
aChufengChen author
aElvisRodriguesdaSilva author
aMikelLarrea author
aAlbertoPolzonetti author
aFlorenceLeBer author
aKonstantinosStamos author
aFranciscoOrtenSoler author
aRicardoG.Cota author
aNaveenSrinivasan author
aAshokU.Mallya author
aVivekSarkar author
aRajaVallee-Rai author
aAlexanderVasilevskiy author
aDavidD.Jensen author
aEranShaham author
aAndrewB.Nobel author
aAdamWoznica author
aDong-ChulPark author
aLarryM.Stephens author
aPeterJ.Nernberg author
aJ.C.Bullock author
aHendS.Al-Khalifa author
aMarkkuEskelinen author
aDenisePilardaSilva author
aCristianodiFlora author
aEnricMor author
aVandanaKabilan author
aFedericaSchiappelli author
aB.Bomitali author
aNagenderParimi author
aFurongChen author
aZuhuaShao author
aKeChen author
aZhouJiang author
aWilliamMichener author
aJonasS.Almeida author
aGiovanniB.Marchisio author
aGuidoDedene author
aB.L.Fritchman author
aHaiHuang author
aJunKawada author
aWadeM.Jackson author
aRolfMecklenburg author
aClydeW.Holsapple author
aIvyChan author
aMarioT.Schlosser author
aSarahFarrant author
aJustinPark author
aPreethiNatarajan author
aNikolayAnisimov author
aKatsukoT.Nakahira author
aFrancescoParisi-Presicce author
aAnneCondon author
aGiorgioBusatto author
aShuangfengLi author
aAchimPick author
aGholamrezaEmami author
aSlimaneHammoudi author
aDonnHoffman author
aMostafaBamha author
aB.M.Diaz author
aHakimHacid author
aMondherMaddouri author
aIoannisKapantaidakis author
aEmmanuelWaller author
aAmirrezaTahamtan author
aSoojungLee author
aUdaiShanker author
aBharatBhasker author
aGanesanShankaranarayanan author
aJeremeLang author
aKatharinaHahn author
aKeiichiYasumoto author
aBalajiRajagopalan author
aAlbertoRodriguesdaSilva author
aFatmaMili author
aElizabethM.Pierce author
aRemaPadman author
aMarkOfori-Kyei author
aWendyGersten author
aDebDuttaGanguly author
aMarkianM.Gooley author
aAhmedAmer author
aLinoFloresPacheco author
aLindaPagli author
aRobertB.Gramacy author
aSiuManLui author
aXiangyangLi author
aJayantaMukherjee author
aEdwardF.Gehringer author
aRichardE.Jones author
aStevenXia author
aJeffreySenn author
aC.T.HowardHo author
aRezaSadri author
aHongLu author
aLorenzoAlvisi author
aMakotoMurata author
aReinhardA.Schlemmer author
aY.T.Chen author
aRallouThomopoulos author
aXiuWu author
aWan-JungLin author
aWolfgangKenig author
aHideyukiTamura author
aJ.L.Reuss author
aMuratKunt author
aChi-ChaoChang author
aTomPierce author
aPavelDmitriev author
aWenPu author
aRobertRagno author
aVishalShanbhag author
aMauriceGreen author
aJohnR.Phillips author
aStamatinaBetsi author
aL.DouglasBaker author
aJohnLeggett author
aEstebanFeuerstein author
aMarceloG.Manzato author
aMaurizioMartinelli author
aDavidG.Deschenes author
aChu-HungLin author
aPhilippDaumke author
aBarbaraHeikkinen author
aYumbayarNamsrai author
aWilmaBainbridge author
aC.Cole author
aLilyF.Tian author
aChrisEliasmith author
aJingDeng author
aMasatoUchida author
aLingjunZou author
aC.Takahashi author
aWanleiZhou author
aFraneoisSchiettecatte author
aC.Auzanne author
aJ.H.Xu author
aClaudedeLoupy author
aPhilippDopichaj author
aReinhardHertel author
aV.D.Tsoukalas author
aWojciechCellary author
aDougFang author
aPushprajShukla author
aJeroenWijnands author
aMikaelRonstrem author
aAnuragMaskey author
aIgnacioMijares author
aJohannGamper author
aBaoyingWang author
aJunqiangLiu author
aCarlG.Looney author
aBennoSchmidt author
aRafaelV.Arutyunyan author
aGiseleBusichiaBaioco author
aHanumaKumar author
aErtemTuncel author
aDennisG.Severance author
aClaireDavid author
aS.Saraswathi author
aSanaGul author
aJunLuo author
aJergHehner author
aOsamuTakahashi author
aSteveSawyer author
aDeepaNayar author
aBarbaraRusso author
aS.L.Rathbun author
aYaboDong author
aStephenJ.Ventura author
aLenShapiro author
aManuelWimmer author
aClaudioAlberti author
aHermannHellwagner author
aKhaledHassanein author
aSoeliT.Fiorini author
aRonaldMaier author
aJulieBasu author
aWenyunJi author
aChunHungCheng author
aHwee-LengOng author
aDiwakarKrishnamurthy author
aWangLam author
aLorrieFaithCranor author
aRenatoIannella author
aHelenChristensen author
aClaudineSantosBadue author
aChrisMayfield author
aMingsenGuo author
aMarcoTorchiano author
aMichaelBoyd author
aHugoEstrada author
aPaulSmith author
aNigelHinds author
aNaweiChen author
aKhuzaimaS.Daudjee author
aGunnarGotshalks author
aHananLutfiLutfiyya author
aPengLu author
aTsuyoshiOhira author
aJ.MacAuley author
aRachaneeUngrangsi author
aJu-WonSong author
aNingLi author
aJunmeiZhou author
aAnnePicault author
aE.Pichat author
aMichaWu author
aMarkusSchaal author
aLiMo author
aJi-mingTian author
aLiutongXu author
aYuBoYuan author
aDavidKonopnicki author
aMateiRipeanu author
aAlanLazar author
aP.S.Gill author
aAlexanderA.Pasko author
aLuoLi author
aPekkaKilpeleinen author
aLevNovik author
aThomasA.Phelps author
aJosephA.Konstan author
aThomasReinartz author
aDavidC.J.Matthews author
aMalcolmS.Powell author
aAnilK.Goel author
aChulyunKim author
aQuangHieuVu author
aKyriakosMouratidis author
aToruIshida author
aPawanLingras author
aWilsunXu author
aAlbertoCaprara author
aHaroldL.Pazer author
aJitianXiao author
aTaoZeng author
aChunhuaSu author
aNingQi author
aAminKeshavarzi author
aGuanhuiGeng author
aSarahK.Tyler author
aZhendongNiu author
aYaoXiang author
aZhenhuaHuang author
aevaTardos author
aChristopherL.Carmichael author
aZoiKaoudi author
aTimBerners-Lee author
aMichelImhasly author
aAnneSchuth author
aAnitaRassWan author
aJenniferFarkas author
aMarinLitoiu author
aToddJackson author
aFerhatKhendek author
aGaryE.Herman author
aMichaelCrocker author
aHiroshiSakai author
aRyanRichardson author
aNikkiRogers author
aJinZhao author
aAlanJ.Wolf author
aJ.R.Deller author
aStoneyGan author
aEllenR.Iverson author
aSarahL.Shreeves author
aTedWillard author
aHenkL.Muller author
aBenJ.A.Hulshof author
aYunLin author
aJustinTerry author
aIirisQi author
aMartinHelbling author
aMarekChuchro author
aD.Jones author
aJosephE.Urban author
aJoanLu author
aJimYip author
aYexiJiang author
aShuguangZhao author
aYuhaiZhao author
aNaotoMukai author
aHongweiLi author
aMichaelKirley author
aYiCheng author
aJosianeXavierParreira author
aH.K.Kwag author
aSoonJooHyun author
aYunHuang author
aRandyHoward author
aH.RaghavRao author
aYassineBelkhouche author
aEdwinLau author
aBruceB.Cahan author
aNickWebb author
aJ.Cooper author
aKritiPuniyani author
aVolkerWalter author
aJ.Shao author
aDanielLopresti author
aUlrichReffle author
aGangWang author
aLucyBetts author
aGlennD.Walters author
aJasonR.Finley author
aMartinFrank author
aSatoshiNishiyama author
aSvenSiebert author
aJuanC.Garcea-Deaz author
aKimmoRaivio author
aJieHuang author
aStephenBay author
aHuijingNie author
aJianyinZhang author
aSandyPerez author
aRolfGretter author
aChrisHand author
aWilliamC.Regli author
aRaessaKatz-Haas author
aMatthewBovee author
aDianeM.Strong author
aPeterMuenzenmayer author
aVargheseS.Jacob author
aDarioCerizza author
aY.H.Chin author
aTakeshiMatsukura author
aKatsuyaHakozaki author
aPaoloFiorucci author
aSengWaiLoke author
aSalvatoreMinutoli author
aJousukeKuroiwa author
aHsi-JianLee author
aRaymondE.Jennings author
aXueyanTang author
aDavidOlsen author
aCharlesLutz author
aC.Ramakrishanan author
aAidanR.Vining author
aSandeepPurao author
aS.Su author
aCharlesCooper author
aAlexanderHemmerle author
aSelminNurcan author
aJanT.P.Campschroer author
aHaraldKehn author
aPavlinaFragkou author
aM.DoloresdelCastillo author
aMartenLlamasNistal author
aValbonaBarolli author
aS.Hirayama author
aGirolamoGradenigo author
aHongzhaoHe author
aJasonMeggs author
aTedDunning author
aWalterLiggett author
aWilliamJohnTeahan author
aB.C.Brookes author
aChung-ShuYan author
aGerdWilts author
aCarlDeanMeyer author
aMohamedA.Kerasha author
aMartinHardwick author
aGuojieSong author
aYuLiu author
aNadineCullot author
aFelipeG.Leite author
aHuiZuo author
aDeyunGao author
aAmirH.Chinaei author
aGiuseppeGuarnieri author
aDavidHarper author
aRiadhBenMessaoud author
aNadejdaBiscondi author
aFraneoisFouss author
aTomokoItao author
aShengfeiShi author
aJoonheeKwon author
aL.Chen author
aGerryHoulder author
aTakayaTanabe author
aPaulLang author
aGrantErickson author
aKennethW.Preslan author
aChristopherSabol author
aJunHyunPark author
aLeung-ChiChan author
aDavidS.Doermann author
aRuthSperer author
aJamesPustejovsky author
aJiangTang author
aRamazanSavasAygen author
aGerardLeLann author
aSaraJones author
aCecileFavre author
aJerzyStefanowski author
aChrisPal author
aTongZhang author
aMinLu author
aAniNenkova author
aZiyuGuan author
aGlenJeh author
aRonaldGreeley author
aDavidSelinger author
aY.Dodge author
aGaryE.Saul author
aDonBrown author
aRobertM.Kiel author
aTedBriggs author
aYannisAlexandrakis author
aDirkWodtke author
aLinglingYan author
aAshokK.Chandra author
aHeikkiHyyre author
aFlavioJunqueira author
aDonaldB.Crouch author
aDavidR.H.Miller author
aPeterS.Browne author
aDonaldJ.Hatfield author
aJamesK.Mullin author
aDonghaiGuan author
aMohammad-RezaSiadat author
aMasahikoYachida author
aRobertoEsposito author
aThiloMaier author
aDanielDumitriu author
aPanagiotisKalliaras author
aJunpingSun author
aLeticiaGomez author
aDabinHu author
aEdwinMarison author
aMing-YuheJang author
aDianaZaiuInkpen author
aSwapanK.Dasgupta author
aJiSooKim author
aP.LlodyHildebrand author
aL.RodneyLong author
aPatMolholt author
aC.Peters author
aJune-JeiKuo author
aHuiJiao author
aZengchangZhang author
aRoxanaTeodorescu author
aAnaMendes author
aElisaMarengo author
aMirjamMinor author
aMartinAtzmeller author
aPaoloFerragina author
aSamuelCruz-Lara author
aMargaritaCabreraMendez author
aMoniqueD.Reed author
aMarinetteSavonnet author
aOliverSchiller author
aSoo-HyunPark author
aHyungilKim author
aHuseyinPolat author
aChaoWang author
aEllenRose author
aRaymondF.Boyce author
aMareaLuque author
aUmbertoStraccia author
aHwaJeongSon author
aIrmaValatkaite author
aMicheleSebag author
aIdaG.Sprinkhuizen-Kuyper author
aYoshiokiIshii author
aJacobHeegJorgensen author
aJuanMiguelMedina author
aXue-FengSu author
aByronChoi author
aRogerCavallo author
aJarleFredrikGreipsland author
aDonaldJ.Haderle author
aGulrukhAhanger author
aManabuSuzuki author
aEdmundH.Durfee author
aR.Chen author
aPaoloBellavista author
aYongqiangHuang author
aJintaeKim author
aXianchangWang author
aDamienFraneois author
aA.Kannan author
aVioricaVarga author
aPeterGomber author
aAlexK.C.Lee author
aHeidiGregersen author
aJeroenDoumen author
aHuaxinZhang author
aMaria-RiberaSancho author
aRudolfHerzig author
aEuniceW.Lumsden author
aDavidNagle author
aPinarAlper author
aThomasJ.Taylor author
aGeorgMichelson author
aJasminSaric author
aRobertE.McGrath author
aDannyLee author
aV.E.Weissmann author
aFredericEhrler author
aNicolasMasson author
aNorbertRoma author
aJohnB.Kam author
aLaurentDouillet author
aYaowadeeTemtanapat author
aDavidFeller author
aJohnG.Kollias author
aJorgeMoser author
aCeceliaBrown author
aJosephBranin author
aMarkoPahor author
aRafiNachmias author
aSuleimanH.Mustafa author
aRafaelBailen-Moreno author
aKeizoSato author
aDihuiLu author
aMamataBhandar author
aVincenzoDellaMea author
aOrlandHoeber author
aBonggiJun author
aSungRimKim author
aKumarAbhinayRathore author
aAnnA.Copestake author
aAviramMatzov author
aKennethJ.Perry author
aDagI.K.Sjeberg author
aAnujMaheshwari author
aMorrisSloman author
aZhexuanSong author
aJinJing author
aDavidR.Warn author
aCarolWilliams author
aDonP.Yelton author
aA.H.Teger author
aGaryJ.Silverman author
aGaryM.Giddings author
aR.Erbe author
aFredericMaire author
aHuaLi author
aMakotoHaraguchi author
aF.Hendessi author
aJoshuaGoodman author
aYoshiakiAsada author
aSanjeevKhudanpur author
aTzeLeungChung author
aRalphKelle author
aIsabelleMoulinier author
aRafaelM.Terol author
aNasikhin author
aLailaDybkjer author
aRyszardKowalczyk author
aFranciscoS.Regateiro author
aKazutomoUshijima author
aJacquelineReneeReich author
aPierreSiegel author
aDirkJanssens author
aAnne-GretheEilertsen author
aScotCunningham author
aMatthewFuchs author
aDeeparnabChakrabarty author
aAlistairDuke author
aBernardC.Y.Tan author
aFrancescoGullo author
aRichardNartey author
aJoanGarcea-Haro author
aPeterSpyns author
aThomasBauer author
aWeiningWang author
aShalabGoel author
aVerneE.McFarland author
aSteveB.Cousins author
aPatrickLai author
aJiangSu author
vSIGMODWorkshop,Vol.2 conf
aJanjaoSutiwaraphun author
aJingjingSong author
aEui-YoungCha author
aKe-junZhu author
aJohnnyS.Wong author
aMarkEnnis author
aThomasE.Nisonger author
aWallaceKoehler author
aKuo-QinYan author
aAlfonsoValencia author
aR.K.Wiersba author
aHartmutLiefke author
aAnne-MurielArigon author
aAlfredFent author
aGrigoriosTsoumakas author
aStephanieStrassel author
aSzeWangFong author
aRochesterMurphy author
aMichaelL.W.Jones author
aBrunoMartins author
aHaiyanXu author
aZhenXiao author
aHuaiguWu author
aMichiakiKatsumoto author
aWelfLewe author
aGiovanniA.Modica author
aChristineT.Cheng author
aGiorgioAusiello author
aSzeKinLam author
aMareikeSchoop author
aEdTriou author
aHailingYu author
aC.I.Ezeife author
aUweM.Borghoff author
aKellyL.Dempski author
aKeithShafer author
aKidukYang author
aMasahiroKajiura author
aSumanBhattacharya author
aS.H.Jamieson author
aTik-ShunWong author
aScottT.Campbell author
vInf.Sci. conf
aJaehoonKim author
aLuisJimenez author
aMarcusSchneider author
aKenDeJong author
aGolnazElahi author
aM.Wartelle author
aW.RandolphFranklin author
aMichaelMabe author
aYudhoGiriSucahyo author
aDerekLau author
aGarethShercliff author
aGaelleHignette author
aMarceloF.Frias author
aMartinSchenhoff author
aMertenSimonsson author
aRogerHacmac author
aAlistairG.Sutcliffe author
aHidekoS.Kunii author
aTatKeongLoh author
aGeraldHeld author
aGianluigiZavattaro author
aSangHunOh author
aJaeGakHwang author
aFengjieZhang author
aFransA.Henskens author
aLaurenceMosseri author
aMichaelB.Greenwald author
aNectariosKitsios author
aSung-GeunHan author
aPanagiotisStamatopoulos author
aThomasDeselaers author
aTahsinM.Kure author
aAmandaStent author
aMartenAbadi author
aYaelPetruschka author
aGeorgeLuc author
aJacekGwizdka author
aAlexandrosKoulouris author
aWilliamBrowuer author
aTomCushna author
aY.C.Ho author
aHectorGonzalez author
aQianZhang author
aJe-ukKim author
aXuepingWang author
aByung-JaeMin author
aLalitM.Patnaik author
aCesareDiFrancesco author
aNeilCoburn author
aVassiliosTzerpos author
aMihaiBarbuceanu author
aErikPutrycz author
aBarryJ.Brachman author
aMarkPendergast author
aYoramHirshfeld author
aTetsuoIda author
aJ.PaulTremblay author
aKristiMorton author
aR.A.F.Bhoedjang author
aNavenduJain author
aClaudiaPerlich author
aSitaramDikshitulu author
aRobertM.Wehrmeister author
aD.Avramouli author
aPetrosAlexakis author
aDanKapp author
aBernhardConvent author
aJuttaGeers author
aChristianLaasch author
aCaiyanJia author
aReinerDurchholz author
aJavierArtiles author
aMiguelCosta author
aZohrehNazeri author
aHoukuanHuang author
aYu-JieZheng author
aXuepingZhang author
aGenterStrutz author
aLucianoMaia author
aEricBrill author
aSushantJain author
aNarayananSadagopan author
aUweRehm author
aZhixianLi author
aMehrbanJam author
aAtsuoYoshitaka author
aP.G.Reddy author
aAlfredoMazzitelli author
aP.Dardailler author
aGerhardSchwabe author
aPaulBratley author
aWilliamB.Rouse author
aAndrewV.Goldberg author
aMicahBeck author
aKlausHelsmann author
aJasonXinZheng author
aBernd-UwePagel author
aSimonPatarin author
aGeorgeAndrewSpencer author
aMurugappanPalaniappan author
aTinaRoth author
aDonHopkins author
aYvonneMargaretHoward author
aBoFeng author
aVincentTo-YeeNg author
aH.-BernhardPaul author
aDieterMeiser author
aThomasMuhr author
aMeinhardMenzenberger author
aBinTan author
aCarlAdams author
aPoulSteenLarsen author
aColleenBradley author
aArthurLifshin author
aMariadeLourdesdaSilveira author
aRocioGuillen author
aDanStefanescu author
aRajibK.Das author
aQingMa author
aYoshinoriTakenami author
aYongchengWang author
aE.Chandra author
aAnaCardoso-Cachopo author
aMosheLewenstein author
aHyungJeongYang author
aQuangMinhVu author
aAbhayMehta author
aXiaolinDu author
aChih-ChinLiu author
aPelHalvorsen author
aJung-YiLin author
aIsabelCristinaItaliano author
aWilliamCheung author
aGiridharKumaran author
aKennethUtting author
aRizwanMallal author
aKojiOkamura author
aMustafaAtay author
aPei-JyunLeu author
aGiseleBusichia author
aLuisAlexandreEsterveodaSilva author
aTomislavFiletin author
aMariaLegal author
aDieterBehler author
aKathleenM.Swigger author
aScottKerr author
aVladimirCherkassky author
aNagizaF.Samatova author
aHongboLiu author
aRobertC.Holte author
aJulianKupiec author
aJoseL.Encarnaeeo author
aMartinSteinebach author
aGeraldJaeschke author
aJinwookSeo author
aKornelSzabo author
aBernhardErtl author
aKwangJinPark author
aJean-NoelVittaut author
aHongQi author
aDenielFogaras author
aLilaRao author
aNigelFishlock author
aDenisVerhoef author
aAntonMityagin author
aDavidModjeska author
aShukYingHo author
aMiguelA.Alonso author
aD.R.Mani author
aMichaelA.Bender author
aPeterNees author
aPrithwishKangsabanik author
aMichaelA.Harrison author
aAndreasKluck author
aJunjieJiang author
aAlejandroPauly author
aMaximMartynov author
aJoachimKreger author
aKoenHoltman author
aHannesThiemann author
aGaryA.S.Whittle author
aPatrickB.T.Khoo author
aDavidH.Porter author
aJonathanCrawford author
aJeffDozier author
aKateBeard author
aJohnKelly author
aMifanCareem author
aRobertCavalier author
aJindanZhou author
aXiaolinGui author
aVuThiHongNhan author
aWenjunLiu author
aGarimellaUma author
aMariaChristinaBinz-Scharf author
aEugenSchelter author
aGreeshmaNeglur author
aKristianRother author
aAlexeyTsymbal author
aA.P.Romanov author
aBilalAlatas author
aAlexeiP.Stolboushkin author
aP.Mukhopadhyay author
aMartinColbert author
aGuogenZhang author
aFrankMeng author
aDavidBaer author
aSeung-TaekPark author
aGuyLapalme author
aMihailF.Ionescu author
aNealFeierabend author
aTakayukiBaba author
aMilenaDobreva author
aMarkusHeller author
aAlistairBaron author
aI.Astrova author
aG.Malvezzi author
aNohaAdly author
aKu-LunHuang author
aNancyKaplan author
aYi-FangWu author
aGhalebAbdulla author
aTarangPatel author
aVitalyShmatikov author
aAlbertoPaccanaro author
aXuejunTong author
aGanesanGopal author
aRudolfKober author
aR.McCord author
aMichaelHammer author
aD.N.P.Kannangara author
aDavidM.Kristol author
aWiebrendeJonge author
aM.Sakurai author
aNaokoKosugi author
aArturKlauser author
aDaveWile author
aYangyongZhu author
aHaidongTang author
aLiangZhang author
aYunHeeKang author
aMadsNygerd author
aZhixiangChen author
aWolfSiberski author
aJianpingWu author
aSaschaAlda author
aWeiminHe author
aTorstenPriebe author
aGerasimosMarketos author
aGregorHackenbroich author
aGeorgeStephanides author
aGamhewageC.deSilva author
aKlausBerg author
aBorisI.Plotkin author
aPengZhang author
aJuneS.Almenoff author
aSergeS.Shumilov author
aMarcR.Reynolds author
aJeanFerrie author
aDeepakP author
aErikLeertouwer author
aM.Flasza author
aJohnM.Chambers author
aU.Nixdorf author
aCarlosBento author
aPanagisMagdalinos author
aLuciaV.R.Arruda author
aDiegoMolle author
aJeanPaulHaton author
aTakashiFunamoto author
aTetsuyaMatsumoto author
aGen-HueyChen author
aRaymondWan author
aChunWeiChoo author
aJamesE.Katz author
aEleasF.Combarro author
aY.Song author
aAxelPolleres author
aSheilaA.McIlraith author
aMichaelCzajkowski author
aHamidR.MotahariNezhad author
aRafaelE.Banchs author
aTuong-VinhTruong author
aRonSivan author
aYuliGao author
aRuiCai author
aSusieWee author
aNathanDenny author
aDanRubenstein author
aCarmenAlvarez author
aJeong-OogLee author
aInsupUm author
aJunilKim author
aZhuZhen author
aFrancisY.L.Chin author
aDinoKarabeg author
aJianqingLi author
aKyungWooKang author
aFangfangLiu author
aNathalieMathe author
aYujiroFukagaya author
aYanTu author
aBingweiLiu author
aLiWang author
aPhilipRennert author
aAliGhodsi author
aWeiWu author
aRomualdThion author
aMouradAlia author
aJean-PierreBordat author
aGil-RokOh author
aHairongQi author
aChenyeLin author
aS.C.Hwung author
aScottSatkin author
aHendrikGrallert author
vSSTDi(slides) conf
aYaserA.Bishr author
aHugoThalmann author
aGiuseppeSindoni author
aEwaJaslikowska author
aGillesBerger-Sabbatel author
aMohammedBaseer author
aMattStorey author
aYingChen author
aChongJinOng author
aRicardoRocha author
aCaseySmith author
aKangZhang author
aRobertBalzer author
aWanxiaWei author
aIgnasG.Niemegeers author
aMuratGeksedef author
aBaohuaCao author
aDavidL.Olson author
aYongCheng author
aTianqingZhang author
aYasunoriIshihara author
aIannaM.S.F.deSousa author
aGerryFisher author
aHongGao author
aKennyQiliZhu author
aLouisM.Gomez author
aBartClarysse author
aTillWestmann author
aRonghuaiHuang author
aWenxinYang author
aWeiPeng author
aShao-ChenLui author
aFrancescoArchetti author
aYong-KiKim author
aReyesGrangel author
aRonaldA.Boxall author
aHossamA.ElGindy author
aKatsuhikoKawamura author
aDanielW.Gillman author
aElizabethBoling author
aBekirTanerDineer author
aEncarnacienJurado-Alameda author
aViceneTorra author
aSteffenHeinz author
aCatherineArnott-Smith author
aJohnH.Heinrichs author
aBriceAustin author
aMatthewK.O.Lee author
aNeleDexters author
aYvesLechevallier author
aSvenDegroeve author
aJustinFisher author
aWilliamG.Cowan author
aTheodoraTsikrika author
aClaudiuS.Firan author
aAameekSingh author
aBettinaSpeckmann author
aBenjaminArai author
aMichihiroKuramochi author
aPedroFalceoGonealves author
aHeikoTapken author
aSergioFernendezAnzuola author
aChrisJ.Barter author
aBoshengZhou author
aXiaoyuanWu author
aLiangzhaoZeng author
aJizhouLuo author
aScottE.Hudson author
aJohnT.Dockery author
aSantoshS.Venkatraman author
aHanumaKodavalla author
aHectorDuque author
aRandolphY.Wang author
aDawnJ.Lawrie author
aShengZhang author
aStefanJacquesDarmoni author
aA.V.Gupte author
aYongWooKim author
aJ.Chidambaram author
aVidyaLakshminarayanan author
aKumikoMaeda author
aThomasGries author
aGilTidhar author
aDonaldP.McKay author
aXingLi author
aJenq-FoungYao author
aShipraAgrawal author
aFrancescoAntonacci author
aHock-BengLim author
aRezaAkbarinia author
aZhengdaoXu author
aPhilBroughton author
aMoyezDharsee author
aLuisA.NunesAmaral author
aCiaranB.Trace author
aKalpanaShankar author
aChi-YinWong author
aNancyGough author
aR.P.Whittington author
aArvindRanganathan author
aNathalieMorenoVergara author
aDavidJohnston-Bell author
aOranuchChaimeun author
aRobynA.Owens author
aChristopheLayer author
aDaeHyunHwang author
aWeiJiang author
aNellB.Dale author
aIvanPopivanov author
aNunoMaria author
aColinBell author
aChristianA.Lang author
aJeffPetit author
aLaurieHiyakumoto author
aLouiseGuthrie author
aPasiTapanainen author
aGailSinclair author
aDorotheaWagner author
aMarkStrembeck author
aAxelKern author
aSteveBarker author
aDominicJones author
aPeterR.Pietzuch author
aAnnMarieEricsson author
aYuliaTurchin author
aZbigniewJerzak author
aSrinivasanParthasarathy0002 author
aJennyChiang author
aJeong-HeeHong author
aGiancarloRaiconi author
aGerhardKnolmayer author
aJuhaniIivari author
aFlorianSchmidt author
aIanHorrocks author
aJonathanGoldstein author
aNormanSondak author
aH.Platz author
aNancyJ.Byrd author
aRomuloGoncalves author
aGaryStoneburner author
aVictorFayWolfe author
aAnoopGeorgeNinan author
aToufikBennouas author
aKyoungwonSuh author
aXuLing author
aUriHanani author
aGeraldJ.Schke author
aV.A.Vinogradov author
aJanH.P.Eloff author
aSankarK.Pal author
aJamesBeard author
aSethWidoff author
aRowlandR.Johnson author
aM.Nouzovska author
aKarenS.Baker author
aRudolfMunz author
aMuraliVenkatrao author
aSatishK.Tripathi author
aMingFan author
aJ.RobertGood author
aS.C.Hui author
aMarcAndries author
aJanSchlerer author
aRobertY.Hou author
aKiranJ.Achyutuni author
aMarkusPawlowski author
aMichaelSteinbach author
aTorgeirR.Hvidsten author
aPeterGatalsky author
aJunGuo author
aJ.L.Kuhn author
aMohamedRamzyZakaria author
aXiaoqinHe author
aPeteCliff author
aVincentTam author
aC.S.Yeo author
aDietbertGetter author
aYeFan author
aJingZhang author
aYa-LanChuang author
aEnriqueJ.Gemez author
aH.S.Sichel author
aMartinHughes author
aPerryA.Emrath author
aTatsuoGoto author
aO.Cervantes author
aM.NedimAlpdemir author
aYueZhuge author
aRamakrishnaGummadi author
aStephenWright author
aKinHui author
aShuoyingChen author
aMorikazuTakegaki author
aShabbarTambawala author
aVenkyHarinarayan author
aYukiyoTakasago author
aYasuoMorooka author
aTetsuoKamina author
aAlexandrosKarakasidis author
aEdwardA.Forbes author
aAnneKathrinHuge author
aHungKengPung author
aArnoldBregt author
aYanickAube author
aW.B.Samson author
aJinliCao author
aMetyesBrendel author
aPatreciodeAlencarSilva author
aGracindaCarvalho author
aKarenWalzer author
aIurisCella author
aHidekiYamamoto author
aDong-SunPark author
aBishwaranjanBhattacharjee author
aAnthonyJ.Gadient author
aStanleyKok author
aVaniaConan author
aRobertoSilveiraSilvaFilho author
aAndresBelokosztolszki author
aRoyalG.BivinsJr. author
aRobertWolfe author
aA.M.Katcher author
aXiangningLiu author
aJiangBian author
aYuYin author
aMarkStokrp author
aMarthaW.Evens author
aLynnD.Lampert author
aJohnRumbleJr. author
aMarkA.Spasser author
aMishaW.Vaughan author
aCarlosE.Winter author
aW.E.McAlpine author
aBingJ.Sheu author
aGeraldBenoet author
aKimberlyM.Kelly author
aRobertdeHoog author
aRainerHimmereder author
aNoJoonPark author
aManojSyamala author
aJulianeDehnert author
aAshokKumar author
aXienFan author
aW.Yin author
aGilbertBabin author
aPaulE.vanderVet author
aArdenWhite author
aJeffWhite author
aNancyRohde author
aJeromeYen author
aJoanneLamb author
aGerardRamstein author
aTzu-YenHsu author
aC.Hwang author
aHsingLuh author
aDavidSquire author
aKristinR.Eschenfelder author
aBemmuSepponen author
aHowardR.Pollio author
aAndrewK.Shenton author
aSaraR.Tompson author
aGeorgeLake author
aEricW.Su author
aYong-ChuanChen author
aChunHingCai author
aJoo-ChanSohn author
aWon-KyungSung author
aChristianWolff author
aHansAmstutz author
aStefanVieweg author
aA.Tjahjana author
aToshikazuKato author
aPilhoKim author
aMuhammadMoinuddin author
aFlorianWegscheider author
aKakanRoy author
aKasperHornbek author
aMukundRaghavachari author
aW.Sae-Tung author
aXuefengHe author
aMaratFayzullin author
aOmbrettaGaggi author
aReinhardGillner author
aWilliamP.Jones author
aAliBahrami author
aHoomanHomayounfar author
aPrashantPradhan author
aKarenSpern author
aLuaiA.AlShalabi author
aHansGeleijnse author
aTaoYang author
aMichaelP.D'Alessandro author
aJ.H.Choi author
aLauraC.Anderson author
aJoshuaLeVasseur author
aRobertF.Skinder author
aBasiliosGatos author
aParamjeetNirankari author
aLinaPeng author
aXiuwenLiu author
aJanGerritSchuurman author
aJeffreyMeyer author
aLucaFrosini author
aCarolJeanGodby author
aAmenZwa author
aTe-WeiWang author
aQ.-S.Deng author
aWoldemarF.Fuhrmann author
aAndreasFordan author
aMaxH.Garzon author
aLachlanM.MacKinnon author
aCynthiaE.Irvine author
aJulianMarieo author
aHsiao-DongChiang author
aRohanM.Gunatillake author
aTomMatthe author
aWolframWee author
aIstvenNagy author
aTakeshiWatanabe author
aQingguoZheng author
aBillYuan-chiChiu author
aJae-HoKim author
aKlausNetter author
aKidongKim author
aNathanMcFarland author
aHermannHelbig author
aKristenA.Bullard author
aGemmaMadle author
aMing-LingLo author
aNancyA.Lynch author
aDanielAlexanderFord author
aKayRemer author
aMichaelAmberg author
aTomW.Carnduff author
aJean-MarieNicolas author
aSujeetPradhan author
aMelodyXu author
aY.DanRubinstein author
aZainabAbuBakar author
aDongkyooShin author
aJinjunChen author
aElfriedeFehr author
aXiaoqinZeng author
aDammindaAlahakoon author
aChrisVolinsky author
aHartmutLuttermann author
aJeffersonR.O.Silva author
aYuguoLiu author
aVirginiaM.Travers author
aFernandoCuenca author
aChristianZirpins author
aM.Wiegand author
aJiPingFang author
aChristopherLeckie author
aKilToChong author
aXianwenHao author
aNeerajMittal author
aSomayajuluSripada author
aYuHe author
aY.Izumida author
aMikkoHonkala author
aIsraelCidon author
aLucienVincent author
aOttoRauh author
aHoLamLau author
aGeorgesMihajes author
aThomasBeauvisage author
aAlfredKobsa author
aChristosKouroupetroglou author
aI.J.Good author
aEricdeRolier author
aL.D.Higgins author
aMarthaMontagueSmith author
aBernadetteDupeuble author
aChenLihui author
aWilliamW.Hood author
aJulieBauerMorrison author
aMyung-WonKim author
aHansungLee author
aSudhirKaushik author
aNarasimhaiahGorla author
aLiangMa author
aR.L.Guck author
aRonaldE.Day author
aSuzanneP.Weisband author
aDongminLi author
aPeterPirolli author
aIrenePekerskaya author
aJiacaiZhang author
aJunZhao author
aJohnSaylor author
aYu-ZhengWang author
aShmuelTomiKlein author
aSyedSibteRazaAbidi author
aJamesR.Warren author
aRongjingXiang author
aHyeonChulKim author
aKaoHung-Yu author
aZhimingKang author
aFrankvanWaveren author
aPedroCarvalho author
aPhilippedeCuetos author
aHorstSchirmeier author
aLeonidasKoveos author
aJehan-FraneoisPeris author
aDanielBlank author
aWilhelmHasselbring author
aMingZhong author
aStergiosV.Anastasiadis author
aY.J.Bae author
aGiacomoCabri author
aSridharHannenhalli author
aZ.Tamizuddin author
aSoumiaBenkrid author
aMartaKozak author
aWeifengSu author
aRaduSoricut author
aRosaliPachecoFernandez author
aPhilipResnik author
aKernKoh author
aGenovevaVargas-Solar author
aIgnacioGil author
aMarkHapner author
aTakeoKakuta author
aKimS.Larsen author
aEricLevenez author
aMaximeCrochemore author
aDaeweonSon author
aDanielAlguacil author
aM.A.Serrano-Tenllado author
aAntonioL.GalenGall author
aSebastienBamonde author
aOriolRicoMillen author
aIngridBercena author
aCarinaRey author
aE.SanromeEstivill author
aAnaMariaRamalhoCorreia author
aManueldeBuenagaRodreguez author
aMirnaAdriani author
aJoseCarlosGonzelez author
aLuesaCoheur author
aGertjanvanNoord author
aKianMingAdamChai author
aJungiKim author
aMalcolmJ.Taylor author
aBelG.Raggad author
aV.Cherniavsky author
aJeffreyS.Chase author
aWilliamC.McGee author
aKennethP.Smith author
aE.F.Codd author
aJeromeRobinson author
aDangVanHung author
aK.R.Venugopal author
aYoung-HyunEom author
aZhenjiangHu author
aChaoChen author
aHans-NikolasLocher author
aDanielPfeifer author
aKwongYuenLai author
aPiotrJasiobedzki author
aAntonellaDiStefano author
aKshitijShah author
aSachaReis author
aSimoneTacconi author
aWolfgangL.J.Kowarschick author
aJoaquenB.OrdieresMere author
aJunCai author
aJimBosch author
aSebastianThrun author
aDimitrisMargaritis author
aGiuseppeF.Italiano author
aYoungManKim author
aYandongChu author
aMitchellL.Bostelman author
aMinsooShin author
aJoeCarthy author
aCarolFriedman author
aThomasW.Mastaglio author
aBerndLamparter author
aCyranoRuizCabarrus author
aRyanMcDonald author
aSeanBechhofer author
aTosiyasuL.Kunii author
aNacereddineZarour author
aA.Kara author
aMarkusSinnwell author
aJ.P.L.Brand author
aMaleeWongsaroje author
aShuqiangYang author
aVijayGopalakrishnan author
aErwanLoisant author
aElaHunt author
aManishParashar author
aMiguelToro author
aAllessandroCampioli author
aAndreaS.Hemerly author
aRandallD.Wrigley author
aThierryCoupaye author
aMarimuthuPalaniswami author
aKiejungPark author
aSanghyukLee author
aSeokminShin author
aKeithSibson author
aShaymaAlkobaisi author
aKonstantinosA.Dondis author
aJoannRuvolo author
aJoseCristebalRiquelmeSantos author
aJorgeR.ManjarrezSanchez author
aEminIslamTatli author
aSabineJust author
aG.Chen author
aThorstenGurzki author
aParvathiChundi author
aKarinBecker author
aYingchiMao author
aXiaojingLi author
aCatherineTornabene author
aTakuoSuganuma author
aPaulElKhoury author
aKrisLuyten author
aMarcoPellegrini author
aAlexPenev author
aMonicaReggiani author
aFraneoiseBaude author
aelvaroReisFigueira author
aYiwenWang author
aFabianAbel author
aHyosookJung author
aThomasMandl author
aIsmailFahmi author
aKorinnaBade author
aEdwinP.D.Pednault author
aOlliYli-Harja author
aGrigoriE.Evreinov author
aWeihuaWu author
aKimShearer author
aRobertM.MacGregor author
aNanBu author
aJohnJeffrey author
aOh-WoogKwon author
aDonaldMacGregor author
aShin-jengLin author
aN.Hu author
aMihneaMarinescu author
aChoon-BoShim author
aWanleiZhao author
aDaleSchuurmans author
aJingfangXu author
aRobertF.Cromp author
aTetsuoMizoguchi author
aWeijianNi author
aNicolaSantoro author
aFabrizioLuccio author
aSajalK.Das author
aSambaNdiaye author
aPaolaFlocchini author
aPeterCarlin author
aJosianeM.Bueno author
aPeterGeissbuehler author
aJohnD.Garofalakis author
aSimonPope author
aJinHyungKim author
aDongseokKim author
aYisongYue author
aHenrikBulskov author
aLeszleT.Keczy author
aSimonePimont author
aHiroakiYuze author
aUmakishoreRamachandran author
aKazuyaYamada author
aPedrodeAlmeida author
aAmitMarathe author
aRoxanaGeambasu author
aIrfanAwan author
aMarcKramis author
aCedricMiachon author
aT.Casilli author
aB.Aditya author
aHolgerVogelsang author
aRodrygoL.T.Santos author
aMiriamOliveiradosSantos author
aAndrewY.Ng author
aGarryMilne author
aRohitGupta author
aRobertF.Murphy author
aAlbertoLavelli author
aAntoninoVirgillito author
aManueleKirsch-Pinheiro author
aGiancarloGuizzardi author
aKevinR.Page author
aSimonKampa author
aJamesDowdall author
aWaiYeungLam author
aElenaV.Zudilova-Seinstra author
aPaoloA.G.Sivilotti author
aEdwardNowicki author
aJergKienzle author
aLauriMalmi author
aYoungChulPark author
aHenriqueAndrade author
aManishGupta author
aYonDohnChung author
aNicolettaDeFrancesco author
aFangWang author
aE.RowlandWatkins author
aYuheiAkahoshi author
aKazutoYamazaki author
aShuichiKurabayashi author
aJae-HongKim author
aMukulJoshi author
aR.Pupo author
aRobertaBenassi author
aKateA.Smith author
aSiegfriedSchenberger author
aMasahiroTada author
aTing-YuLin author
aYashodhanS.Warke author
aPatrickFinnegan author
aSanjaiChandra author
aGeorgeLoizou author
aStefanFalke author
aLeslieCheung author
aPelGesper author
aK.T.L.Vaughan author
aCheng-YuanLin author
aChitturiSuresh author
aAnitaColeman author
aEricJ.Isaacson author
aToshiyasuOba author
aJakobNielsen author
aNorAnizaAbdullah author
aBoazCarmeli author
aStephenMogan author
aJohnD.Strunk author
aJoshHyman author
aTanChen author
aTzong-JyeLiu author
aLixinShi author
aMaoYang author
aGlennBoardman author
aLiuWenyin author
aKostasSidiropoulos author
aGiteshK.Raikundalia author
aChin-HengHong author
aPaulaFurtado author
aK.Narayanaswamy author
aScottM.Baker author
aShigetoshiYokoyama author
aYutakaIshibashi author
aAkihiroOgino author
aKannanSrinathan author
aQiGuo author
aVictorB.Zordan author
aBinChen author
aLiqiangGeng author
aPilianHe author
aGlenaGreene author
aTzu-ChiangWu author
aXiaochunHuang author
aHuazhuSong author
aPhoonMoiYing author
aRiekoKadobayashi author
aJohnFernandez author
aOdd-WikingRahlff author
aGailM.Hodge author
aRizaCenkErdur author
aWolfgangScheufele author
aKi-JouneLi author
aJingLi author
aJavierNogueras-Iso author
aKlausKehne author
aBerndNelke author
aFrankRamsak author
aBarbaraB.Simons author
aSpirosMancoridis author
aSongtaoXia author
aGermenS.Goldszmidt author
aYingZou author
aR.K.Waldstein author
aSzu-PeiChen author
aKemalathaKrishnasamy author
aYinKang author
aJaganNathShrestha author
aG.Mahesh author
aValterFiore author
aUlrikeSattler author
aGautamRay author
aMengChangChen author
aDehainsalaHondjack author
aRyosukeOhgaya author
aLaszloGrunfeld author
aChaoQu author
aLingSong author
aSadaakiMiyamoto author
aMartinSevigny author
aKeitaTsuji author
aLynnWestbrook author
aP.Smith author
aYingboMiao author
aJiangangMa author
aMelikeSah author
aC.R.Spath author
aLucianPopa author
aR.P.Carasik author
aVeronicaP.Tseng author
aElizabethFreeburger author
aCarterButts author
aMohammedMostefaMesmoudi author
aHennieJ.Steenhagen author
aMichinaoMori author
aWesleyP.Melling author
aJensStankiewitz author
aDonaldW.Dearholt author
aHeinz-GerdSteiner author
aMargretMangelmann author
aJun-KiMin author
aDavidWalker author
aNellyCondori-Fernendez author
aMichaelWeiss author
aJingdeCheng author
vACMSIGMODAnthology conf
aStephenHenley author
aPeterBaranyi author
aStefanDessloch author
aTimWeitzel author
aDo-HyoungKim author
aFulingBian author
aElaineM.Newton author
aJianwuWang author
aJergenStaunstrup author
aMilanMilenkovic author
aSusanWeissman author
aMartinTreiber author
aCarlosE.Palau author
aRaffaellaGrieco author
aInesFernandoVegaLepez author
aWilliamM.Honig author
aAnilBazaza author
aOlivierAubert author
aKennethR.Koedinger author
aCatalinCalistru author
aHyowonLee author
aM.Joris author
aRomanSchmidt author
aRishiyurS.Nikhil author
aKlausKratzer author
aZhangangLin author
aVanessaP.Braganholo author
aVeroniqueNarat author
aDavidBudgen author
aTakashiOhtsu author
aAntoniosDaskos author
aMarcoDiIulio author
aBhaskarKrishnamachari author
aUweJ.Langer author
aSandroSaitta author
aElanaBroch author
aE.MichaelKeen author
aKennethD.Ramsing author
aFelixdeMoyaAnegen author
aKenHyland author
aAllisonMorgan author
aSalahAlnajem author
aWilliamC.JanssenJr. author
aZhiboChen author
aFatimaAl-Garawi author
aJohnO.Limb author
aPanagiotisBalatsoukas author
aJean-JulienAucouturier author
aRussellBeale author
aShigeoSugimoto author
aHung-ChiChang author
aJeong-KiKim author
aGakuYamamoto author
aChristianHuemer author
aSanghoLee author
aMauriceShephard author
aDennisReil author
aYuGu author
aHolgerHerbst author
aYuvalLirov author
aJunLee author
aJinhoKim author
aYue-ShiLee author
aAlfredKayser author
aK.vanGoor author
aFranciscoJ.Ribadas author
aDimitriosS.Stamoulis author
aAhmadS.Al-Mogren author
aApostolisKarakaxas author
aMykolaHayvanovych author
aStanleyM.SuttonJr. author
aIsraelHilerio author
aShinjiTakao author
aFrankWolter author
aScarletteHobbs author
aMacLively author
aBerndNordhausen author
aJireZahradil author
aOlivierBuisson author
aHiroshiMo author
aLeiXie author
aMarcLight author
aJosianeMothe author
aJyishaneLiu author
aFrancisUptonIV author
aGiovanniMariaSacco author
aArijitMukherjee author
aPierLucaLanzi author
aJ.Hogg author
aGilesM.Foody author
aB.S.Hoyle author
aWaldoTobler author
aKhaledK.Al-Taha author
aStevenA.Roberts author
aMarcP.Armstrong author
aEveL.Kuniansky author
aAntonioMoraisArnaud author
aFraneoisSalge author
aPeterNijkamp author
aLarsEklundh author
aY.AnselTeng author
aHeatherCampbell author
aAlfredStein author
aP.J.Kilby author
aEmilioChuvieco author
aJoseM.C.Pereira author
aPhilipC.Emmi author
aMichaelF.Hutchinson author
aRonAdler author
aW.DavidMillard author
aJohnA.Bissonette author
aIgorStaritsky author
aS.Goffredo author
aA.Burrill author
aDavidC.Mason author
aMarkJ.Carlotto author
aKunalTalwar author
aHiroyukiDekihara author
aJin-FuChang author
aWilliamD.C.Yu author
aSubhasishMazumdar author
aShen-shengZhang author
aJieLi author
aTomoyukiShibata author
aWangKayNgai author
aRossellaMolinaro author
aRoopK.Goyal author
aSvenCasteleyn author
aDanieleBarone author
aMichaelRanft author
aDanielHunter author
aP.Jervis author
aUlrichGeske author
aJiangZhang author
aZhuomingXu author
aHirokiSakaji author
aDanielPalzer author
aYasuhikoFujisaki author
aHolgerZiekow author
aGustavoMenezesSiqueira author
aValeriaCeserioTimes author
aXianjunGeng author
aAngelosD.Keromytis author
aNicoleSchneider author
aLuis-FelipeCabrera author
aKensakuYamamoto author
aAndrewJ.Worth author
aDe-RenChen author
aVirgilioAlmeida author
aRonaldodosSantosMello author
aRaulRuggia author
aEricSanJuan author
aYunqingXia author
aSung-JaChoi author
aTomB.Y.Lai author
aSabyasachiSwain author
aDong-IlKim author
aChao-HuangChang author
aJamesBeck author
aNarendraMohan author
aAlbertMaier author
aHans-PeterHoidn author
aMarilisaE.Carboni author
aM.Toiati author
aTimPeschel author
aYanboHan author
aJoannaJaworska author
aDavidCoquil author
aSukhoonLee author
aNamunuChinthakaMaddage author
aJohnBosley author
aWen-ChiChou author
aZhengdengLei author
aAndreyY.Sivachenko author
aPetraHunziker author
aJasnaGrbovic author
aAmmarBalouch author
aJohnColquhoun author
aJavierChamizo author
aHiroshiKori author
aNorihideKitaoka author
aBenjaminW.Tam author
aRobertoKawakamiHarropGalveo author
aFredKohun author
aWarwickClegg author
aHongWu author
aMonicaSebillo author
aJamesC.Schaff author
aArnoldW.M.Smeulders author
aAndrzejGospodarowicz author
aRoseSturm author
aT.A.Landers author
aG.C.Bacon author
aYuXu author
aSandeepChandra author
aJung-HwanKim author
aLinyanWu author
aRongfangBie author
aJuanCarlosCorrales author
aKaiLi author
aWolfgangMarquardt author
aPatrickLegrand author
aYoumingLi author
aRafaelM.Gasca author
aAndreasHarth author
aLouiseComfort author
aPaoloZuliani author
aSvenFuhrmann author
aCharlesW.Bostian author
aL.J.MacRae author
aThomasHarper author
aHorstReder author
aKeh-ChangGuh author
aStephenFox author
aHarishD author
aManishBhide author
aMaytalSaar-Tsechansky author
aUweDeppisch author
aBryanHouliston author
aJohnBenamati author
aFrankKamperman author
aOrianaRiva author
aRafikChibout author
aHirotakaSonobe author
aInsukPark author
aHaretonK.N.Leung author
aMinoriTakahashi author
aVikasKrishna author
aVincePoor author
aezdenGer-Ali author
aJamesKelly author
aYuHirate author
aOmerMansoorParacha author
aRobertAyres author
aJu-HongLee author
aNobuoTsuda author
aEricLemoine author
aMaggiKelly author
aJeremyKubica author
aRobertA.Stine author
aKlausMariusHansen author
aDehuiZhang author
aSandradeF.MendesSampaio author
aByeong-NamYoon author
aKurtKubik author
aKotcherlakotaV.BapaRao author
aCraigHamilton author
aJamesL.Smith author
aSkiIlnicki author
aSonjaSvoljsak author
aRobertK.France author
aMatthewSiegler author
aEricLeung author
aJeffreyBurka author
aYeJian author
aJackL.Vevea author
aT.Ng author
aDavidAllen author
aAkifumiOikawa author
aFelipeZapico-Alonso author
aLinChih-Lu author
aHenrikNottelmann author
aMohamedZiauddin author
aJelitaAsian author
aFaribaSadri author
aJasonLeigh author
aGyulaMayer author
aNikolaosVlachantonis author
aLinaAl-Jadir author
aDenisShestakov author
aJongHoLea author
aBenoetDageville author
aHebertPereyra author
aC.A.Taylor author
aGonzaloIsaza author
aSupitiBuranawatanachoke author
aDavidM.Kaplan author
aYoTakano author
aPetriLehtinen author
aChristianWerner author
aPrashantDoshi author
aAldoBongio author
aEitetsuOomoto author
aTomBarclay author
aMichaelSamulowitz author
aMareaJoseAramburuCabo author
aPhilipH.Goodman author
aPurushottamKulkarni author
aAnilKumarSarje author
aStefanSeeberger author
aDimaStopel author
aXianbinCao author
aJesseMontgomery author
aZhenmeiGu author
aStanHannah author
aKwok-ShingCheng author
aChung-WeiYeh author
aPrasadJayaweera author
aBoleShi author
aJieh-ShanYeh author
aFrancoScarselli author
aDobroslawaM.Grzymala-Busse author
aGaudenzHafen author
aCyrilGoutte author
aRandaKassab author
aJiaHengCao author
aPongtawatChippimolchai author
aAhmedSaleh author
aYu-lungLo author
aPedroGarceaLepez author
aCristianCruz author
aGiulioMori author
aCarmenSantoro author
aDerekH.Sleeman author
aC.Tan author
aCarlosCobos author
aEstherDavid author
aSimonSzykman author
aJeremySchiff author
aThierryJacquin author
aStephaneChatty author
aRanjitMakkuni author
aDong-TsanLee author
aKalpdrumPassi author
aAnnAerts author
aYiannisKanellopoulos author
aArnoldRochfeld author
aRobertD.Rosebrugh author
aRonAddie author
aHung-LengChen author
aFilippoBrancadori author
aCatherineE.Houstis author
aErnstL.Leiss author
aWoochangShin author
aHer-SenDoong author
aPatrickFry author
aAbdol-HosseinEsfahanian author
aLucaForlizzi author
aEmanueleDanovaro author
aTheofanisMinogiannis author
aMichaelHolder author
aGeneFuh author
aWeiZhuang author
aGrahamWood author
aFrankD.Linn author
aNagarajanPrabakar author
aRamseyW.Haddad author
aSiu-KaiSo author
aD.V.S.Ravikant author
aIngeThyssens author
aJamesS.Ribeiro author
aNimitKumar author
aNadaLavrac author
aHeonshikShin author
aRazvanC.Bunescu author
aGarryHollier author
aPeterDawyndt author
aLeonievanderVoort author
aKeliXiao author
aElisaOreglia author
aAndrewWalker author
aFabrizioGiorgini author
aJiayuTang author
aMarkusKoskela author
aZhipingShi author
aXavierBaril author
aMarcoComuzzi author
aPeterKaomea author
aPeterCaspers author
aPatrickDriscoll author
aSatoshiSeki author
aThomasLonsdale author
aReneAlgesheimer author
aArthurGoldberg author
aKarolynKerr author
aOlayeleAdelakun author
aStephenM.Brown author
aHelineMelkas author
aBruceKissinger author
aIsmaelCaballero author
aGiordanoAdami author
aRahulRamachandran author
aStevenJ.DeRose author
aGustavoO.Arocena author
aDanielKeren author
aYu.Dabaghian author
aEduardoFreireNakamura author
aGregoryJ.Cusick author
aHubertKaYauLeung author
aVladislavS.Voinov author
aJoseNelsonAmaral author
aMladenA.Vouk author
aA.M.Glorieux author
aY.Yamamoto author
aHidekazuNakawatase author
aSandaM.Harabagiu author
aP.R.Rao author
aHiromiUwada author
aSang-ChanPark author
aSimonJ.Lai author
aDebabrataDey author
aAkiKobayashi author
aHidehikoIno author
aKwang-HoonKim author
aBorisShidlovsky author
aIdoDagan author
aMariaI.Sessa author
aToddHausman author
aAdamJatowt author
aMohammadZubair author
aKateMcDevitt author
aYoshihiroUmemoto author
aSeiichiKawazu author
aT.H.Hofbauer author
aHannesSpintzik author
aRodolpheMichel author
aHenrySchwarz author
aKaustavDas author
aDiegoMilano author
aNorAdnanYahaya author
aChristianSchleger author
aAndrewLee author
aAntenioLeong author
aBingLi author
aWolffriedStucky author
aSvenTill author
aChristophUnbehend author
aTassiloGlander author
aSamirKhuller author
aSunK.Yoo author
aHongweiWu author
aWeipingFang author
aKarthikRamani author
aNorbertRunge author
aDanielaF.Brauner author
aCleudioS.Baptista author
aDanieleNardi author
aChinChingChiu author
aMichaelE.Houle author
aIvanLaptev author
aYasufumiTakama author
aDharitriMisra author
aRiinaVuorikari author
aVangelisKarkaletsis author
aStuartG.Greenberg author
aYolandaFernendez-Villaseeor author
aY.K.Sharma author
aS.GeorgeDjorgovski author
aAnthonyNguyen author
aChalapathyNeti author
aBrettAdams author
aXiangyeXiao author
aJacquesCalmet author
aJamesDavidson author
aA.Wong author
aZoranBuneta author
aMariaHelenaLimaBaptistaBraz author
aJasonJen-YenChen author
aTakeshiOkadome author
aJ.AndrewWare author
aBenjaminBuffereau author
aYuminDong author
aV.Perez author
aGaelA.Curry author
aJonA.Turner author
aCatherineBounsaythip author
aShouichiFutamura author
aPiyushGupta author
aJoseCuevas author
aDionysiosPantazis author
aLindaA.Jackson author
aJenniferNeville author
aRobertTibshirani author
aTetsuyaNakatoh author
aDianeVizine-Goetz author
aDavidA.Fenstermacher author
aPaulJ.Graham author
aDavidaScharf author
aStephenC.Hirtle author
aManosPapagelis author
aBaiyanLi author
aTaoGuan author
aAlexFarkas author
aT.P.Hopkins author
aTarekBranki author
aKlausFaidt author
aRichardV.deMulder author
aSaharJarwa author
aMouradMechkour author
aDonaldT.Hawkins author
aKnutKoschatzky author
aLittleBear author
aHenrikLegindLarsen author
aPrzemyslawGrudzinski author
aHongfeiTeng author
aYunfengHe author
aJiliFan author
aSangheeOh author
aChatchawalSangkeettrakarn author
aRonaldoP.Silva author
aArmandoFox author
aDanieleGardy author
aW.Xu author
aZeyadAli author
aStephenA.DelGreco author
aK.O.Jung author
aMichaelI.Jordan author
aHongchulLee author
aJenq-HaurWang author
aNattakarnRatprasartporn author
aWenchaoZhou author
aJosephBugajski author
aBruceN.Davidson author
aAaronClevenson author
aGeng-WenSu author
aMaryAnnRobbert author
aHankGroot author
aEllenChristiaanse author
aDavidKennethBarnes author
aLaureBerti author
aYoussefElMansouri author
aDavidSilverman author
aGeorgeKoliadis author
aUtpalSharma author
aHartwigH.Hochmair author
aMarinaL.Gavrilova author
aDamiaoRibeirodeAlmeida author
aAlanThomson author
aEdPortoBezerra author
aJasonA.Brotherton author
aGregoryD.Abowd author
aSalemBenferhat author
aTimothyFraser author
aAlissonR.Arantes author
aNarayananPalsena author
aGlennFaden author
aescarCorcho author
aNalinWickramarachchi author
aAndreaMiene author
aRadaMihalcea author
aKrisztianBalog author
aLucyVanderwende author
aJoanneSilverstein author
aHanWooPark author
aEricG.Ackermann author
aDanielaPetrelli author
aLiuDongsu author
aGiorgettaBonfiglio-Dosio author
aMichaelErdmann author
aPaulRobinson author
aBerndTschiedel author
aFraneoisRadvanyi author
aKatharinaMorik author
aNikosFakotakis author
aVladanRadosavljevic author
aCher-ShengCheng author
aD.Raber author
aGeraldDuffing author
aJaanaKristensen author
aSeungHyunYang author
aJung-MinLim author
aXuezhengLiu author
aNielsNes author
aDanielGyllstrom author
aJoeoPedroPedroso author
aJeroenDeKnijf author
aDarrenWeiCheHuang author
aAlleIJbema author
aBenyangTang author
aJonC.Klensin author
aStephenMayes author
aDiegoR.Lepez author
aAlessandraGaruti author
aYing-JuChen author
aSheng-KunHwang author
aYiminWen author
aLiminWang author
aBoZhou author
aQinghuaHu author
aZhiwuLu author
aRemcoR.Bouckaert author
aHonghuaDai author
aZhiguoLu author
aYong-JinLee author
aXiaoyanZhang author
aMongChiLiu author
aMasahiroMatsuo author
aToshifumiTatsumi author
aLaurianM.Chirica author
aAlexanderSinitsyn author
aD.Kroenke author
aColinPuleston author
aJergAckermann author
aPeterHeydon author
aElisaBurato author
aJialinLi author
aDongWang author
aJianQin author
aCassidyR.Sugimoto author
aGregoryS.Hunter author
aKarenE.Lochbaum author
aRonWeiss author
aMu-YenChen author
aGavinM.Bierman author
aGeorgeLapis author
aBrigitteBigi author
aJamesM.Farber author
aPaulHart author
aManLeungWong author
aTianyiJiang author
aChristerHulten author
aKarenE.Fisher author
aArieHasman author
aJiaZeng author
aE.Gulatee author
aJ.R.Jordan author
aXi-DaoLuan author
aOliverSpatscheck author
aL.Zhang author
aThi-Huong-GiangVu author
aNahidShahmehri author
aMasayukiKuroda author
aRussellJ.Deaton author
aValerieNesset author
aDavidKrieg author
aLucVandeurzen author
aHsiao-FeiLiu author
aChristianDindler author
aZne-JungLee author
aKelvinKamWingChu author
aP.Krishnan author
aHichemFrigui author
aRandalM.Henne author
aJunDu author
aAudrisMockus author
aYutakaKabutoya author
aMasayukiTanimoto author
aAndreB.Bondi author
aQingHe author
aTingChen author
aMartaRocaLefler author
aAlesiaZuccale author
aClaraI.Cabezas author
aJ.Miller author
aLingzhiZhang author
aGiuseppinaBordoni author
aJohnWilliams author
aJ.vanderSpek author
aMaartenvanSteen author
aMasayoshiOhashi author
aJagodaSpaventi author
aTsae-FengYu author
aYoonguKim author
aG.Goncalves author
aRodolpheDevillers author
aLorraineK.Tanabe author
aDalilaTamzalit author
aAurelioLepez-Lepez author
aSusumuKobayashi author
aAdrianaDanes author
aEddieY.M.Chan author
aYu-JingWang author
aPrasantMohapatra author
aThomasRaak author
aAbnerN.Pitinga author
aVictorH.M.Azevedo author
aCretoAugustoVidal author
aShin-TingWu author
aRenatoM.Assuneeo author
aJuanC.Vivar author
aChrisS.Renschler author
aDomenicoPotena author
aAdrianSergiuDarabant author
aCharlesJ.Kacmar author
aDebGaldes author
aNicholasV.Findler author
aBennR.Konsynski author
aHye-YoungPaik author
aCheongYoun author
aGraeaGaspar author
aMosheMor author
aWanxiaXie author
aDiegoFuxman author
aJeanJyh-JiunShann author
aLingX.Li author
aMarshallRamsey author
aD.AaronRoberts author
aA.Tsigris author
aFabiusKlemm author
aAshishRaniwala author
aDavidL.Hall author
aJ.C.Farget author
aLauraPearlman author
aSatoshiTomisawa author
aShiyuanWang author
aDongmeiJia author
aKarlBranting author
aKhueHiangChan author
aLinqiLiu author
aTheodoreW.Leung author
aColinR.Goodall author
aOlivierErtz author
aXiaoqingLan author
aMarkCarter author
aCharlesE.Paddock author
aMiyoungShin author
aSeungyoonNam author
aYi-XueLi author
aSeungmookLee author
aJuliaNorman author
aDimitraKampitaki author
aShaoleiFeng author
aCaitlinM.H.Shaw author
aErikHetzner author
aDeanDaniels author
aDorotaH.Kieronska author
aHsiu-SenChiang author
aGuangzhiQu author
aThomasF.Bowen author
aVebjornLjosa author
aJonathanGray author
aThanassisRikakis author
aHyun-KiHong author
aLianChen author
aMikaRummukainen author
aGenterNeumann author
aScottGaffney author
aHilaBecker author
aN.BuiQuang author
aBjernBergsten author
aDavidHaw author
aMichaelJost author
aLinFu author
aMichelleChang author
aPaulNieuwenhuysen author
aDouglasTudhope author
aLeahR.Solla author
aJeremyFrumkin author
aScottDaniels author
aMatundaNyanchama author
aIritDinur author
aKumarV.Vadaparty author
aBassemSayrafi author
aJanneKarvonen author
aCarolynBoettcher author
aFlorianMansmann author
aDirkDeberitz author
aUweSchreiweis author
aIanS.Thomas author
aRalf-DieterSchimkat author
aKatarinaStanoevska-Slabeva author
aHideoTsuru author
aAlanH.Karp author
aAecha-NabilaBenharkat author
aJimCostello author
aIgnacioJ.Martinez-Moyano author
aJu-SungLee author
aR.B.Bradford author
aRichardAtterer author
aMichelLeclere author
aClaudetteTestemale author
aMeng-FengTsai author
aLingliDing author
aHeWang author
aEricLandis author
aGailLalk author
aJnanR.Dash author
aMartinSkeld author
aDerekLackaff author
aStephanGudmundson author
aDanahBoyd author
aFrankG.Halasz author
aIstvenCsabai author
aK.Menhoudj author
aAttilaKiss author
aPeterKwong-ShunTam author
aMaryK.Vernon author
aRyoichiKawahara author
aDaiKobayashi author
aTakashiKobayashi author
aR.Relue author
aLaneA.Ongstad author
aTerriSimmons author
aDirkArndt author
aLiciaSbattella author
aDavidMenestrina author
aKojiHino author
aScottSisson author
aYixuSong author
aLloydAllison author
aDietmarJannach author
aN.H.Morgan author
aT.H.Johnson author
aXian-HeSun author
aChuan-MingLiu author
aDanWei author
aDaleA.Brajczuk author
aYakovFrayman author
aYueCui author
aDaryaChudova author
aW.PaulCockshott author
aBruceBullis author
aSimoneRehm author
aVassilKriakov author
aFrankWienberg author
aRosalynnChong author
aChengZeng author
aRasmusRosenqyistPetersen author
aJeffPepper author
aJingPeng author
aToniWefler author
aMarkMokryn author
aTae-WoongWang author
aFrancisJ.Smith author
aM.H.Hiene author
aBernardC.Reardon author
aAaronTenenbein author
aShengquanWang author
aM.Dispinzeri author
aVladimirBarash author
aChristopherP.Firth author
aDonnaM.Wood author
aEmilyKuo author
aSaiKalapala author
aChiaraFrancalanci author
aP.Balasubramanian author
aLuisFranciscoLima author
aAndyZone author
aFinbarFletcher author
aDaniloArdagna author
aRichardMcCarthy author
aThomasMegeli author
aAdamWinkel author
aUdoGrimmer author
aIngridAgartz author
aFrederickVautrain author
aMartinDeumer author
aHunorAlbert-Lorincz author
aShoichiTaniguchi author
aSunilChandra author
aYukoSakurai author
aAjitaJohn author
aMarkK.Thompson author
aCarlosRojas author
aMenHinYan author
aAntoniaAlbani author
aJinPei author
aMasanoriArita author
aTakeoKato author
aMarkReith author
aAlbertoLerner author
aFrankEliassen author
aInayHa author
aAchimG.Hoffmann author
aDoheonLee author
aShuaiMa author
aDae-WonKim author
aAlessandraLumini author
aA.Limongiello author
aDeniseSalvi author
aS.Sindayamaze author
aPhilippeLebaube author
aWugangXu author
aWolfgangWerndl author
aKikukoKamisaka author
aYuWang author
aLipingWang author
aAnastasiosD.Doulamis author
aChristiWilson author
aPierre-ClaudeScholl author
aX.C.Delannoy author
aRenatadeMatosGalante author
aMohammadAbolhassani author
aTheodorosG.Kavalieros author
aVasilisSamoladas author
aSi-QingZheng author
aJingZhou author
aAlexCozzi author
aKazuyoNarita author
aKazunariIshida author
aGraealizPereiraDimuro author
aSandroDaniloGatti author
aSrinivasR.Kashyap author
aJeffAnton author
aDavidWagner author
aMuratCanGaniz author
aSanjeevKhanna author
aMartaPatieo-Martenez author
aMartinSadler author
aLian'enHuang author
aAndrewVandeMoere author
aStephenC.North author
aMalgorzataBugajska author
aAlfioFerrara author
aLuigiBellomarini author
aGilUtard author
aEmersondeSalles author
aAlecioPedroDelazariBinotto author
aFebioFeitosa author
aJulianStettinger author
aJormaLaaksonen author
aAlexandrinaRogozan author
aYardenaPeres author
aPavanDeolasee author
aDirkKukulenz author
aMohammedOdeh author
aJoseFelixMueoz author
aRasaBliujute author
aXiaoyongLiu author
aNawaazAhmed author
aJoelAlbea author
aRildoR.dosSantos author
aNoahMendelsohn author
aMassimoMarchiori author
aDiegoMostile author
aGianluigiFolino author
aYiDeng author
aNingAn author
aPaulG.Flikkema author
aShlomoZilberstein author
aW.NickStreet author
aDavidMcCurry author
aAnupPachlag author
aMichaelMcQuaid author
aMutawakiluA.Tiamiyu author
aRyanBenton author
aDanielMcDonald author
aPeterJeavons author
aSteveF.Rossouw author
aEstherGreenBierbaum author
aJohnnyW.K.Luk author
aChristineL.Borman author
aYoshioMomouchi author
aWeicaiZhong author
aMi-YenYeh author
aChe-MinChen author
aHansE.Schreier author
aTerryBaker author
aLesWorrall author
aJean-ClaudeMeller author
aS.P.Theocharopoulos author
aM.A.O'Conaill author
aWilliamF.Eddy author
aJanieL.HassardWilkins author
aBijitHore author
aNickGreen author
aBorisDragovic author
aParampalliUdaya author
aJudyO.LayJean-FrancoisMiquel author
aYuYang author
aD.Kim author
aMarkA.Cameron author
aRajeshRamanand author
aAndreasBrodt author
aVasileiosKandylas author
aJaanaLaiho author
aIvanDeFalco author
aY.M.Cheong author
aLisaFerro author
aGeorgetteSilva author
aL.H.Campey author
aVaunA.Newill author
aMiroslavFendrych author
aA.L.Shumilina author
aShunsukeHirose author
aMarkGreenwood author
aDonaldS.Fussell author
aSunitK.Gala author
aXue-QiangZeng author
aDongweiCao author
aArunQamra author
aDennisWollersheim author
aMarianoRodriguez-Muro author
aChee-HungHenryChu author
aFrankSteyer author
aMichunHsu author
aCheng-ZhongXu author
aNoahCurthoys author
aOlegRostanin author
aMohanJohnBlooma author
aShuangWang author
aJihaiZhao author
aPeiyiZhang author
aDavidA.Cieslak author
aUlrichNeumann author
aThomasAtwood author
aJohnR.Nestor author
aJohnV.E.Ridgway author
aQiuFengwu author
aHusseinA.Alzoubi author
aH.JeromeKeisler author
aOlegSeleznjev author
aBrianWardlow author
aMohammadrezaKangavari author
aFranckRavat author
aPhillipC.-Y.Sheu author
aSimonePribbenow author
aJonidaSilvaFraga author
aDucMinhLe author
aAlunButler author
aEbroulIzquierdo author
aRuthKurniawati author
aOdysseasG.Tsatalos author
aDennisHeimbigner author
aWalterA.Burkhard author
aG.Linderman author
aJing-TinLu author
aQianLi author
aYuanMei author
aDanWineman author
aL.S.Schneider author
aDarylH.Hepting author
aMingWang author
aNamNguyen author
aMohamedBenHadjRhouma author
aB.Shekar author
aLisaSingh author
aMarkusMuller author
aWasukeHiiragi author
aYinZhang author
aRichardP.Martin author
aGersonZaverucha author
aLionelMartin author
aJianyongSun author
aBrockBarber author
aMineichiKudo author
aTomesAluja author
aLeanderSchietgat author
aMartinHolena author
aDouglasW.Cornell author
aAndreasSchmidt author
aMatthewSkala author
aAlfredZ.Spector author
aRobinL.Chandler author
aRobertH.McDonald author
aSomakRaychaudhury author
aMichalKretke author
aAliYildiz author
aHongyuLiu author
aManpyoHong author
aLizhenWang author
aYongWang author
aQiangSong author
aXiaofengHe author
aJergenWesch author
aAntonellaZanzi author
aLaurentFleury author
aArdW.Lazonder author
aWilliamHersh author
aMaximilianEibl author
aHai-XinLu author
aAlexanderKonovalov author
aJoonseonAhn author
aJohnMurphy author
aWentaoZhao author
aKangNing author
aHaoZheng author
aJ.B.H.duBoulay author
aEwaZ.Bem author
aDanfengYao author
aTrevorJim author
aEricaCosijn author
aJaneBarton author
aJeromeAumente author
aPoornimaNarayana author
aLideWu author
aChee-YoongChoo author
aJoseE.AmaraldeSa author
aR.P.Zimmerman author
aKeithT.Mason author
aPeterAhlbrecht author
aJimDowling author
aEricAmiel author
aMasayoshiAritsugi author
aRameshNallapati author
aLouisPerrochon author
aChandrasekaranVenkatapathy author
aPanayiotisAndreou author
aHolgerVelke author
aDanieleRossi author
aKunLiu author
aEitetsuOhmoto author
aCecilLynch author
aJohnA.Muckstadt author
aDerekL.Eager author
aYuanFengHuang author
aJ.N.H.Heemskerk author
aA.Arndt author
aAnaStojanovic author
aTubaUlker author
aHojongKang author
aSeong-ilJin author
aKazuyaKonishi author
aEdgarGonzelez author
aStevenP.Abney author
aSabineBergler author
aRobertMcArthur author
aMauriceFriend author
aFranciscoF.Rivera author
aMichaelStewart author
aMuhammadA.Pasha author
aFraneoisLepage author
aGergelyLukecs author
aWanliZuo author
aWeiGao author
aMartinChoquette author
aLishaMa author
aSoo-JungRyu author
aPiotrHabela author
aJimmyMcGibney author
aMuhammetMustafaOzdal author
aFarhadHussain author
aKatrienvanDriessen author
aUriEick author
aSiewSiewOng author
aJ.ChristopherWestland author
aDetmarW.Straub author
aKeithSwigger author
aAndrewE.Treloar author
aRichardHulser author
aKennethC.Litkowski author
aDesraGhazeon author
aGuoqiangZhan author
aPabloEzequielGuerrero author
aRajmohanRajaraman author
aSteveMullen author
aDavidYach author
aChristophvonPraun author
aMarkHumphrey author
aRalfBettger author
aGregoryS.Hoppenstand author
aCarloCombi author
aLaurentDebrauwer author
aSharifullahKhan author
aConstantineKotropoulos author
aGaweshJawaheer author
aWalaaMohamedBakry author
aKayChenTan author
aYao-TinYu author
aSabineMayer author
aW.AmenelVoglozin author
aJunjieGuo author
aWeiGe author
aEddaLeopold author
aJoseFranciscoMartenezTrinidad author
aPaulG.Luckman author
aPravakarB.Shah author
aOliviaSheng author
aThomasRobertson author
aH.Jula author
aHunMyoungPark author
aNormanK.Meyrowitz author
aClaytonH.Lewis author
aBrunaZonta author
aKazuoGoda author
aHanneSele author
aJaniceI.Glasgow author
aPeterKille author
aStanGallo author
aYvesTabourier author
aAdenekanDedeke author
aKarimHussein author
aLeonidAleksandrovichBolshov author
aPhilippKranen author
aWei-JingZhu author
aDavidvanLeeuwen author
aYizhenZhu author
aQinZhu author
aRichardA.Derrig author
aMartinStrauss author
aNickG.Duffield author
aThomasPerst author
aMartinWolpers author
aJoeoMarceloAzevedoArcoverde author
aShannonM.Oltmann author
aMichaelW.Berry author
aD.R.Campbell author
aTong-WenLee author
aAsheshMahidadia author
aUnnaHuh author
aJeanHou author
aScottR.Tilley author
aAnaMilanova author
aMichaelKwok author
aRachidGuerraoui author
aElenaPasquali author
aCarlosMitidieri author
aCarolynMcGregor author
aGeorgeEbyMathew author
aJijiZhang author
aHarryR.Lewis author
aSadeghSoltan author
aAmitSinghal author
aI.S.Simpson author
aHeesopKim author
aYusufAkca author
aColinMeek author
aJacobBarhen author
aRobertJeschke author
aIgorJacyLinoCampista author
aMarkusEisenhauer author
aVeraHollink author
aPiotrPtaskinski author
aArturoZambrano author
aHye-SunHur author
aAthanasiosManitsaris author
aAmyPearl author
aDaleDougherty author
aLiciaCalvi author
aTuomasJ.Lukka author
aAnniusGroenink author
aDanielHeesch author
aYiTao author
aGiacomoPiscitelli author
aSalvatoreGaglio author
aBudhadityaSaha author
aMinghuaZeng author
aJoyitaMallik author
aAprilKerby author
aLeanYu author
aFedjaHadzic author
aHaijianZhang author
aZhihuaCai author
aChisheWang author
aSukonPrasitwattanaseree author
aDenizAktug author
aMelanieKellar author
aSimonS.Lam author
aChun-WuLeng author
aBogdanButnaru author
aSeok-JuChun author
aChebelMina author
aNeillA.Kipp author
aChuang-HueMoh author
aDavidMillman author
aAnitaSundaramColeman author
aYongchiChen author
aYuehongYuan author
aSeikiGotou author
aStevenWyman author
aXiaolanZhang0002 author
aRobertP.Futrelle author
aSongyangLao author
aAdrianPopescu author
aSangwookOh author
aLishanKang author
aAmirMasoudRahmani author
aJianguoTang author
aJongSikJin author
aZhongmeiZhou author
aJiangChang-Jun author
aHsiang-LunHuang author
aYuhengHu author
aMin-SungRyu author
aTakeakiUno author
aChaoDeng author
aDavidDavis author
aLauraDugan author
aZhengtaoXiang author
aKeisukeTakemori author
aGuanpiLai author
aRichardA.Smith author
aJonSperling author
aCamiloPortoNunes author
aRuiZhang0004 author
aShin'ichiKonomi author
aE.Albertos author
aMassimoRuffolo author
aGiorgosPapavassiliou author
aVladimiroScottodiCarlo author
aJergenHofer author
aHariharaS.G. author
aJoseM.MolinaLepez author
aHitoshiNakakubo author
aIlkerHamzaoglu author
aStephenJ.Buckley author
aMichaelL.Wick author
aSimonLaws author
aGuntramFlach author
aFrankPuppe author
aRonnyMelz author
aElenaMarchiori author
aGillesNiel author
aDominikSlezak author
aMitsunoriOgihara author
aRafaelMoralesBueno author
aChia-WenChang author
aShaojieQiao author
aQianqingQin author
aWeiZhao author
aCarlosM.deLima author
aMaurecioP.Guidini author
aPatreciaMariaPereira author
aMartinKulldorff author
aRafaelGoldszmidt author
aLucianaVargasdaRocha author
aThomasE.Burk author
aHaobinLi author
aCameronL.McCormack author
aNanHu author
aNoelCassidy author
aMarjorieH.Charlop-Christy author
aCynthiaA.Leive author
aMichaelSmith author
aH.-J.Kim author
aLinaZhou author
aPhilipC.Aziagba author
aKennethWilliams author
aCarolynD.Councill author
aM.L.James author
aMartinDoerr author
aBrunoFeije author
aKirstenBoehner author
aSchubertShou-BoonFoo author
aSeon-MiWoo author
aSwatiBhattacharyya author
aH.Stegemann author
aYunjuBaek author
aApostolosIfantis author
aNatashaDrukh author
aVolkertBrosda author
aJohnMcCarthy author
aTakayukiNakano author
aHansHauska author
aAbdullahUzTansel author
aMokhtarKandil author
aMatthewAddis author
aGeorgThallinger author
aNikhilRasiwasia author
aEdwardSchofield author
aMustaqHussain author
aQinLu author
aMarcirioSilveiraChaves author
aAaronA.Armstrong author
aStephaneLafortune author
aKnuthStenerGrimsrud author
aMikeHerhammer author
aYoshifumiMasunaga author
aFranciscoRuiz author
aAlexanderVoe author
aRummanSobhan author
aAnupK.Ghosh author
aMichaelT.Goodrich author
aGiovanniGualdi author
aEduardoF.Barbosa author
aP.Tzavelis author
aNicolasDelannay author
aXianchaoZhang author
aHayriSever author
aSrinivasErva author
aBjornV.Tell author
aFranceBouthillier author
aR.DavidLankes author
aSusanS.Lazinger author
aAlexanderKopcsa author
aGregoryRae author
aWeiBinLiang author
aLennyFreilich author
aJeremyBesson author
aGianlucaBaratti author
aRobertoTrasarti author
aNicolaAloia author
aAloysiusK.Mok author
aAlexanderB.Cannara author
aMiodragPotkonjak author
aAndrzejDuda author
aAndrewH.Wilson author
aSerdarTorgan author
aIonMuslea author
aGregKaestle author
aHoracioRodreguez author
aNicholasR.Jennings author
aJonathanSlocum author
aShijiSong author
aStephenScott author
aCamilleBenAchour author
aAndreasDehmel author
aJeyashankherRamamirtham author
aWenwuLou author
aAlexN.Kalos author
aShuichiSakai author
aBerlinChen author
aKhaledF.Shaalan author
aE.Ramaraj author
aMasakiNakagawa author
aJoaquinJ.Molina-Castro author
aMengjouLin author
aVicenteR.Tomes author
aBarbaraHammer author
aIsidoreRigoutsos author
aHisashiHayashi author
aKwokPanPang author
aDaanB.B.Rijsenbrij author
aDominicWiddows author
aSiddharthDesai author
aGrigoreGogu author
aLydiaM.S.Lau author
aThian-HuatOng author
aMadhanSubhas author
aKarlaHahn author
aWilliamL.Scherlis author
aWernerSchoggl author
aUrvashiGadi author
aStevanHarnad author
aDavidJouve author
aDominiqueCarrega author
aSridharIyengar author
aP.P.S.Narayan author
aShigeruAbe author
aMuratAliBayir author
aAngelaC.Sodan author
aF.Mansouri author
aShiZhong author
aVictorCiesielski author
aPetteriSevon author
aRuey-LungHsiao author
aJunSekine author
aStanislawKrawczyk author
aBrettTrockman author
aNelloCristianini author
aNikolaosPapaspyrou author
aSatoruKawai author
aK.Krishna author
aVamsidharThummala author
aMohamedBenSaed author
aAntoninoStaiano author
aPetervanderPutten author
aYanjunShi author
aGangRong author
aWingyanChung author
aPramodK.Nayar author
aKelliA.Millwood author
aAndrewGemino author
aPythagorasKarampiperis author
aMasayukiTakahashi author
aSaravanakumarNagarajan author
aJohnC.Cherniavsky author
aHarvinderSingh author
aMinderChen author
aPeterTieo author
aAlexandruRomosan author
aMichaelHogarth author
aSangeetaBhagwanani author
aTomesFeder author
aD.Lelis author
aDaoyeZhang author
aSweahLiangYong author
aJoeoBatistaS.deOliveira author
aAnttiOulasvirta author
aMehmetSayal author
aLucasBordeaux author
aJordiNin author
aMetteSkov author
aDilipKumarLimbu author
aKaterinaPerdikuri author
aLongtaoHe author
aJoeoMeidanis author
aJuan-RamenLepez author
aMatteoForfori author
aJoachimWarschat author
aTillSchemmer author
aKevinKiernan author
aG.ElizabethBlake author
aMarkD.Jacyntho author
aY.-C.Jiang author
aSuXu author
aJoseA.Pino author
aelvaroR.PereiraJr. author
aStefanBeyer author
aJuanC.Pelaez author
aMakotoAmamiya author
aLeonardoFelician author
aYinSeongHo author
aYusukeYoshida author
aRitaF.Bergman author
aAgathonikiTrigoni author
aDariushRiazati author
aIainCampbell author
aGabrieleSonnenberger author
aSergioMaffeis author
aJoeoLopes author
aPetaDarke author
aZheShan author
aRobertK.L.Gay author
aH.Pung author
aNickGibbins author
aPatrickDelfmann author
aMarthaSideri author
aGopalanArun author
aJamesN.Etheredge author
aKoichiFurukawa author
aUweL.Haass author
aSeongGeum author
aPalakornAchananuparp author
aNurezaBinteAhmad author
aPaoloBouquet author
aPhilipHider author
aHantaoSong author
aYoungsungSoh author
aXiaCao author
aIainSutherland author
aJackSnoeyink author
aPanagiotisBouros author
aRolandHeilmann author
aZhiWuLi author
aWenbinHu author
aHarishChandraSoundararajan author
aYan-RongKang author
aCraigSaunders author
aJunSun author
aBoFan author
aYahyaAidanismah author
aMasaharuSekiguchi author
aGueesangLee author
aKazuhiroTakeuchi author
aFumiyoFukumoto author
aTakaoDoi author
aChengqingZong author
aJudithWinter author
aMarekCigenik author
aTiiuOjasoo author
aKaiMingTing author
aHongXia author
aStijnDekeyser author
aSheng-TangWu author
aSofiaBrenes author
aYuhongGuo author
aeysteinTorbjernsen author
aAndreasKaspari author
aJanLovie-Kitchin author
aGabrielBaum author
aYan-huangJiang author
aKhaledM.Hammouda author
aSaeedHashemi author
aGabrielMatsliach author
aDebbyKeen author
aRobertGodin author
aSusanaMontero author
aMartinEberl author
aAndreaWolf author
aTakayukiTachikawa author
aPaulLevi author
aRobWeir author
aA.J.Weatherhead author
aDomonkosTikk author
aTomBurr author
aM.Rieskamp author
aRamiRifaieh author
aRichardJ.Povinelli author
aTadaoMurata author
aRamprasadSripada author
aDorothyE.Denning author
aJerzyLetkowski author
aJaeKyuLee author
aMieczyslawM.Kokar author
aBruceSpencer author
aTomokoMurakami author
aPaul-ThomasKandzia author
aFengShao author
aXiangTong author
aNaomiInoue author
aStephanGreene author
aAlexeyMaykov author
aYeDu author
aKennyDaniel author
aAlanNash author
aRichardMartin author
aKleberXavierSampaiodeSouza author
aMarcelBaschnagel author
aBernardFaure author
aEmmanuelO.Onuegbe author
aMarvinH.Solomon author
aToneluhAndrewYang author
aThuTrinh author
aJorge-ArnulfoQuiane-Ruiz author
aKatriinaBystrem author
aJamesE.Andrews author
aAjitPyati author
aToruMatsuda author
aHansPaijmans author
aStephenL.Abrams author
aBruceR.Miller author
aHagitShatkay author
aChrisGokey author
aYeong-JoonKim author
aHaejoongLee author
aYuyaNumata author
aAlvinT.S.Chan author
aEmanuelaDeVita author
aRalphSommerer author
aEdgarR.Weippl author
aAkihiroMiyakawa author
aPanosKardasis author
aSigeruOmatu author
aWaseemNaqvi author
aFionnMurtagh author
aDavidC.Wood author
aFranzG.Amador author
aRollyIntan author
aJose-LuisAguirre author
aWen-YangLin author
aJeffreyBernstein author
aP.Kachhwaha author
aM.A.Vazquez-Galindo author
aH.J.Barman author
aDavidJ.Farber author
aJamesLeslieKeedy author
aVineetaDarnis author
aOlaHeensesen author
aSilviaNittel author
aTakuyaHiraoka author
aAndreasEkelhart author
aMarkusD.Klemen author
aYiWu author
aMaurizioTesconi author
aWolfgangKilian author
aWanhongXu author
aWesBethel author
aJozefOlenski author
aChangzhouWang author
aTin-WoCheung author
aAlexRoichman author
aAndrewHazenSchlaikjer author
aMasamiShishibori author
aShibinXiao author
aNorbertGrot author
aDimitriosSkoutas author
aThomasDaurel author
aEricLeclercq author
aBartMoelans author
aStelianCoros author
aZhongyiXie author
aPeterB.Danzig author
aAndrewPletch author
aLindaBird author
aStanislavBarton author
aKevinS.McCurley author
aCarloBlundo author
aLarsKristianVognild author
aAliKiani author
aAtaenal author
aMohsenRouached author
aJaeyongShim author
aKwan-Ho author
aKazuhisaMakino author
aFujiRen author
aJaeDongYang author
aDavidMattison author
aHowardRosenbaum author
aGeoffreyZ.Liu author
aBillySaelim author
aAnoopKumar author
aKrisWest author
aMichiakiIwazume author
aWenK.Lee author
aJeffreyD.Tew author
aBoukeHuurnink author
aRuiShi author
aDanielGatica-Perez author
aIsabellaGagliardi author
aG.Janek author
aLeslieM.Loew author
aDong-GukShin author
aJochenKlausSpeyerer author
aF.Acosta author
aVernonHoffner author
aSouravBhattacharya author
aMilindDawande author
aJian-KangWu author
aSteveLehar author
aRobertM.Akscyn author
aKyoungroYoon author
aChing-SongDonWei author
aA.ArdeshirGoshtasby author
aNormanS.Matloff author
aJulianWinter author
aMarcoMagnante author
aRolfA.deBy author
aElahehPourabbas author
aXinhuiTu author
aRenaultJohn author
aZiyangLiu author
aSridharRajagopalan author
aAvrahamA.Melkman author
aJerzyJ.Korczak author
aNoelEnyedy author
aA.Sivanandan author
aManueleSimi author
aXiaoChuanHe author
aSongnianYu author
aAlessandroGiusti author
aAngelaAntonicelli author
aDanielePeri author
aMikeNelson author
aStephenPaling author
aLydiaE.Harris author
aStephannMakri author
aBeateKrause author
aTianBu author
aBruceHendrickson author
aEun-JunYoon author
aArkadiuszTomczyk author
aYukoSekino author
aAnLu author
aMoonBaeSong author
aThomasSedring author
aZhigangKong author
aKi-ChangKim author
aFlorianBachmann author
aLorisPenserini author
aXingJiang author
aShashankPandit author
aEricM.H.Lee author
aJoaquinDelgado author
aS.K.Ghosh author
aRemoPareschi author
aFrancoArcieri author
aDonaldR.Schwarz author
aGeraldMadlmayr author
aDanielHigginsMetacat author
aKnutM.Wittkowski author
aPanfengZhou author
aWeijiaXu author
aGeraldR.Barber author
aGuilinWang author
aMiroslavVacura author
aHuangHua-jun author
aXiaofeiLiao author
aAnnaPagh author
aAarronGull author
aTobiasWeyand author
aJosefV.Psutka author
aNataliaV.Loukachevitch author
aBalaKrishnaKolluru author
aFergusToolan author
aJesusBoticario author
aLiSi author
aMichaelBaskey author
aChristianMertin author
aSudhirAgarwal author
aQuanLu author
aHaiyingHua author
aW.R.EdwardsJr. author
aGiovannaGazzaniga author
aRenuTewari author
aHidenoriItoh author
aTomM.Mitchell author
aPatrickPfeffer author
aAnaM.Moreno-Capuchino author
aWeicongShen author
aXiaohuaSun author
aY.S.Kuo author
aManabuOhta author
aChristinaM.Finneran author
aR.J.Vidal author
aAmitabhaDas author
aHyun-JeongSeok author
aGeorgeAndrianopoulos author
aJean-MarcAndreoli author
aMosesCharikar author
aSaraShurin author
aPeterJ.Bailey author
aMarkCrovella author
aSimonField author
aJuanXu author
aSofiaStamou author
aAlexanderLam author
aJanDeBeer author
aKevinWilkinson author
aMrudulaPavuluri author
aSuviKettula author
aAdinaCrainiceanu author
aGauriShah author
aEuisokChung author
aKam-LaiWong author
aWaiKitLo author
aGarethV.Hughes author
aDougRiecken author
aTsegayeTadesse author
aGeorgiosEvangelidis author
aWilliamB.Gevarter author
aPyung-ChulKim author
aHon-KuanLee author
aJongSooKim author
aMikeWing author
aB.Vasudha author
aE.Appiani author
aSilviaHollfelder author
aSherifDanish author
aJoeoB.D.Cabrera author
aHuwEvans author
aBrunoBecker author
aJianChihOu author
aL.Brechert author
aLucianoGarcea-Baeuelos author
aDivyasheelSharma author
aM.Zolliker author
aEricInfeld author
aAntonRaneses author
aShiyanOu author
aRobertTansley author
aVictoriaMalaveta author
aMarilynLutz author
aQishengPan author
aA.J.M.M.Weijters author
aStefanoModafferi author
aJimNelson author
aDavidLaurent author
aJinfuLiu author
aVanNguyen author
aRoniKhardon author
aJohnWoodruff author
aMohammadR.Kolahdouzan author
aMarkNeal author
aFulinJia author
aJeffreyX.W.Su author
aDominikSchwald author
aQingzhaoTan author
aRaymondK.Neff author
aHardikBati author
aGerardP.Huet author
aJamesKolpack author
aPengKinNg author
aCarolinaNavarro-Molina author
aChangS.Keum author
aSushilK.Prasad author
aYu-ChiSu author
aYousukeWatanabe author
aMarcoViviani author
aAndreasStephanik author
aDinosArkoumanis author
aFranckDuluc author
aIgorRakov author
aLevantOrman author
aAndrewBorthwick author
aJenniferJones author
aDavidJ.Corey author
aGreggT.Vesonder author
aXuweiLiang author
aHannesHeikinheimo author
aLemanAkoglu author
aKarlaJoanaPeredoMerquez author
aChunfengYuan author
aFraneoisScharffe author
aDimitrisKosmadakis author
aJaykumarMuthuraj author
aAmarSingh author
aCorinneChuat author
aMarekWieczorek author
aMarioGerla author
aDeronLiang author
aAntonioBrogi author
aChristosPapadopoulos author
aGeorgeDemetriou author
aSophieTison author
aErikD.Wiener author
aRobinChen author
aMohamedA.Sharaf author
aYunsikLee author
aLiefengBo author
aJunpingZhang author
aRajanM.Lukose author
aPaulD.Amer author
aB.UygarOztekin author
aRaresVernica author
aJen-WenDing author
aEileenTienLin author
aVangelisTh.Paschos author
aTiborGyires author
aBryanHinCheungPoon author
aSimonWu author
aBoShen author
aJohnHandley author
aMarthaNason author
aChristopherS.Campbell author
aNigelWestbury author
aNamHuyn author
aAllisonLee author
aVerenicaDahl author
aMariaSatratzemi author
aPaoloMassa author
aDifuSu author
aChandaDharap author
aEmreVelipasaoglu author
aCatherineA.Johnson author
aShlomoLevitan author
aKouichiYasutake author
aJamesA.Weeldreyer author
aHan-TaoSong author
aJoachimM.Buhmann author
aTakehisaMori author
aAaronElkiss author
aRokasTamosevicius author
aDeborahA.Baker author
aPierreJacquemart author
aAmelieImafouo author
aG.Philip author
aM.P.Satija author
aRohanaK.Rajapakse author
aChantalBedecarrax author
aEdwinM.Cortez author
aThomasR.Kochtanek author
aPeterR.Wilson author
aReihanehSafavi-Naini author
aYarivMatia author
aPeterBollen author
aGustavFahl author
aSuranjanDe author
aWilliamE.McCarthy author
aRobertoCiampoli author
aThomasM.Tirpak author
aPaulB.Losiewicz author
aLucianodoRegoGalveo author
aZong-CheolZhoo author
aLingboKong author
aDavidCavassanaCosta author
aJhing-FaWang author
aBalezsKegl author
aTamleekAli author
aM.Berryman author
aAlexanderOtenko author
aHyunkiKim author
aJunZhuang author
aTomesSvoboda author
aAudreyLee author
aKiHyunKim author
aApostolNatsev author
aTapioSalonen author
aYueLu author
aChristopherWilliams author
aJianZhou author
aXiaomeiCao author
aGideonBerger author
aFengXiao author
aAmitChandel author
aAngeloPruscino author
aShrutiKasetty author
aPatrickBorras author
aMareaLauraCaliusco author
aAquilesM.F.Burlamaqui author
aAndreJ.Kok author
aWendyA.Lawrence-Fowler author
aLynnAndreaStein author
aJonO'Brien author
aJacopoM.Corridoni author
aAnnL.Drapeau author
aThomasRose author
aValerySoloviev author
aIoannisPitas author
aAipingLi author
aYutakaAshikari author
aManuelJ.MaeaLepez author
aBonifacioMartenGalen author
aJ.MareViles author
aPurificacienGarceaDelgado author
aMariaAnteniaGrau author
aJinglieDou author
aMarcH.Graham author
aR.J.Nassif author
aBaderAlbader author
aSaiZeng author
aAlexandrinPopescul author
aYoshimasaTsuruoka author
aRafiqDossani author
aAntoniaM.ReinaQuintero author
aJean-PierreSirot author
aPeterBloodsworth author
aS.PhineasUpham author
aMengWang author
aDeborahS.Gross author
aKrisGanjam author
aSundarSaiprasad author
aSashaBlair-Goldensohn author
aKlausKespert author
aHamidehAfsarmanesh author
aMatthiasKlusch author
aSudeeptBhatnagar author
aYunmookNah author
aBor-YihWu author
aJoaoMeidanis author
aM.K.Siu author
aLaurentd'Orazio author
aV.Rougier author
aEleniTousidou author
aHeatherDu author
aForouzanGolshani author
aRichardSwagerman author
aStefanoTrisolini author
aCharalamposI.Theodoulidis author
aAnnMaes author
aYuichiGoto author
aXixiLuo author
aHuangJun-wei author
aJian-MinPang author
aPengZhuang author
aJinsongHan author
aHamidahIbrahim author
aMakeSakaguchi author
aEliUpfal author
aCuiYu author
aBingDeng author
aSolomonAtnafu author
aNeilP.ChueHong author
aIlhoonShin author
aNesimeTatbul author
aYirongXu author
aJanHoogervorst author
aAlanR.Hevner author
aGwan-HwanHwang author
aChristopheSibertin-Blanc author
aRakeshMohan author
aUmeshMaheshwari author
aMichaelJamesKatchabaw author
aMandyHaggith author
aE.G.A.J.deBruin author
aKazuoHashimoto author
aMuh-Chyun(Morris)Tang author
aEricJ.Glover author
vACMSIGMODDigitalSymposiumCollection conf
aRobertW.Engles author
aFabriceEstievenart author
aPaoloCeravolo author
aSheau-RuTong author
aAshisK.Pujari author
aChristinaHsieh author
aPeterJansen author
aAndreasKupfer author
aChan-HyunKang author
aYoshiharuMaeno author
aHsiang-LungTung author
aK.Dudman author
aHirokiMachihara author
aAlanKaplan author
aLeonoreNeugebauer author
aU.Menzi author
aMichaelJ.R.Shave author
aKentaroInui author
aMichelJ.Menou author
aAndresR.Masegosa author
aSirvanYahyaei author
aXueBai author
aChristophHeinz author
aWolfgangReinhardt author
aBelaMutschler author
aBelaGipp author
aKlausHaller author
aBradleyMomberger author
aC.H.Chen author
aGiorgosFlouris author
aStephaneDucasse author
aA.Manea author
aNigelJ.Martin author
aAlbertoTablado author
aTranHong-Minh author
aTongWang author
aMagdaliniEirinaki author
aTakehiroYamamoto author
aHeung-NamKim author
aCollinJackson author
aRobertStockton author
aBonnieL.Webber author
aRanjaniSaigal author
aDanWu author
aNigelR.Shadbolt author
aGlennS.Wasson author
aNormanW.Y.Shao author
aYookunCho author
aPaulLoseleben author
aMargaretChristensen author
aPaulO'Brien author
aKhoaT.Vo author
aHaixiaLi author
aVenkateshRaghavan author
aMilivojePetrovic author
aSungminJoo author
aChristianTsatedem author
aTingtingMao author
aSaiPeckLee author
aSoo-HyungKim author
aKarthikGomadam author
aAkiraTerada author
aSatoshiSato author
aLyleH.Ungar author
aArunK.Sood author
aJung-SooKim author
aYun-SooChoi author
aJavierLacasta author
aRuthRaventes author
aStephenW.Clyde author
aScottJ.VanHorn author
aCristianMolinaro author
aSnunithShoham author
aAlainT.Rappaport author
aBurcinBostan-Korpeoglu author
aKavithaRanganathan author
aDavidStephens author
aHangjunYe author
aMadendaSarifuddin author
aSvenScholz author
aNobuyukiYagi author
aYuryBychkov author
aM.Qin author
aElisaHatsueMoriyaHuzita author
aDovLungu author
aDavidE.Simmen author
aRolandTusch author
aJohnL.Schnase author
aEytanRuppin author
aRichardT.Watson author
aRobertNeches author
aShurugAl-Khalifa author
aWeidongYu author
aSoe-TsyrYuan author
aJonathanSchmitt author
aChing-HanLin author
aAnjanGoswami author
aSusanWeissmanLauzac author
aAlanL.Archibald author
aStefanKatzenbeisser author
aC.Baldissera author
aArvindSundararajan author
aMariaLuisaDamiani author
aEveCohen author
aMathieuRoger author
aSunilChoenni author
aHyunchulKang author
aNevenkaPravdic author
aDonnaTrivison author
aCimarronTaylor author
aRanganathUdupa author
aMichelangeloDiligenti author
aDavidL.Dowe author
aPietroAimetti author
aClemensHerrmann author
aM.PamelaNeely author
aBeverlyHacker author
aGwendolynH.Walton author
aEmanAnwar author
aRedigerAzone author
aWernerHelbling author
aShaoZhengrong author
aOsamuMizuno author
aLipingMa author
aYidongYuan author
aYu-tseChang author
aJohnGooday author
aLakshmiN.Sripada author
aRobertJeansoulin author
aVladimirS.Cherniavsky author
aEijiIkoma author
aKhoaDoan author
aThorstenScholz author
aJunliangWang author
aJohnStokes author
aLucioBenfante author
aHarrChen author
aNormanPapernick author
aAparnaBasu author
aBandulaW.Abeysundara author
aTerenceKelly author
aPhilippCimiano author
aBabakA.Farshchian author
aAndrewJ.I.Jones author
aKevinJ.Cherkauer author
aGrigorisKarvounarakis author
aKenjiItoh author
aLindaA.Nguyen author
aShriramKrishnamurthi author
aAndrewS.Grimshaw author
aJivkaBojilova author
aYoshitsuguKakemoto author
aPierreGeurts author
aJerffesonTeixeiradeSouza author
aDanielaLealMusa author
aSalehI.Alfuraih author
aAlanJ.Demers author
aMuhammadNaeemAyyaz author
aWinBausch author
aMohamedAmirEsseghir author
aByung-KwonPark author
aMareaAlpuente author
aBruceK.Haddon author
aPeriL.Tarr author
aM.EugeniaOcchiuto author
aUlrikeStege author
aEvangelosTheodoridis author
aImedZitouni author
aM.Diggory author
aGentherGediga author
aYangYu author
aRajniJain author
aBarbeeTeasley author
aColinDay author
aJeanMeyriat author
aReginaldP.Coady author
aSuzanneL.Allard author
aFranzBarjak author
aGuang-GangGeng author
aMikioYamamoto author
aThanasanTanhermhong author
aSureshKumar author
aMarilynM.Mantei author
aNorbertWeieenberg author
aElkeHochmeller author
aYi-TingChiang author
aPeterWeinstein author
aJohnM.Stephens author
aXiongFang author
aGraziaConcilio author
aKumarRanganathan author
aReinerSailer author
aJensBleiholder author
aXianLiu author
aDavidM.Eyers author
aElisabethCrawford author
aStuartM.Wheater author
aRetoHermann author
aYinGe author
aJiangongZhang author
aEugenioPicchi author
aHuai-YuanYang author
aSandraR.Frigeri author
aJuhaVesanto author
aYingYin author
aMin-JeongKim author
aJonasM.deGraaff author
aFrankHopfgartner author
aMariaElizabethGrabe author
aR.Wong author
aBorisWyssusek author
aJitkaKomarkova author
aYoungjooKwak author
aEliasFrentzos author
aJyrkiNummenmaa author
aEricReiman author
aAyodeleMobolurin author
aPeterM.Schwarz author
aGaryKratkiewicz author
aMarkA.Iwen author
aDharmeshM.Maniyar author
aOscarH.Ibarra author
aJiriSchindler author
aMartinJ.Shepperd author
aMinSeokSong author
aYoshitoHanatani author
aKeDeng author
aL.M.Salas author
aMelanieCourtine author
aNancyG.Leveson author
aPhilipK.Chan author
aSeadMuftic author
aJinkeunHong author
aJozeRugelj author
aChristineStangret author
aRavindraGuravannavar author
aMichaelThygs author
aYen-ChinWu author
aStergiosPapadimitriou author
aJanneToivola author
aShiyingHuang author
aMaenAyoub author
aNobuyukiShimizu author
aMarkAllenWeiss author
aNicolaHenze author
aThomasRoth-Berghofer author
aFrederikJanssen author
aDongKeunShin author
aJianshuWeng author
aWanPoManPolly author
aHansAkkermans author
aP.A.W.Piepers author
aAlbertoBarbosaRaposo author
aOctavioMarten-Deaz author
aGeorgeToye author
aMaikThiele author
aDavidFye author
aLauraYedwab author
aJuanM.Andrade author
aDavidE.Guzman author
aThomasBailey author
aPeterPleshachkov author
aRajanishDass author
aBinhVo author
aTieyunQian author
aHardyPundt author
aUweDick author
aEshrefJanuzaj author
aRongPan author
aMinhTriTruong author
aUweBrinkschulte author
aRaufIzmailov author
aMarkoRibaric author
aGregGibbon author
aFraneoisLaburthe author
aKatherineA.Morris author
aGyulaO.H.Katona author
aDetlevRuland author
aHans-PeterSteiert author
aMatthiasNeureither author
aCharudattaV.Wad author
aMohammadSadoghi author
aKarelYoussefi author
aFranzFaerber author
aM.Fehling author
aUgoO.Gagliardi author
aWolfgangHesse author
aFilippoDeCapua author
aFraneoisPennaneac'h author
aJean-FraneoisBedard author
aWojciechStach author
aTomoyukiNanno author
aSoumyaRoy author
aIvenGonzlez author
aClaudioCirilli author
aJergLutze author
aMartinJurisch author
aMasahiroMinami author
aChristopheGarcia author
aLucBeaudoin author
aShadiAlShehabi author
aMuralidharKrishnaprasad author
aG.L.Robinson author
aMingluLi author
aDavidA.Goldberg author
aTobunDorbinNg author
aHerbertVandeSompel author
aZhengXuanLoh author
aJohnH.Frazer author
aHiroshiMatsumoto author
aWielandSchwinger author
aNikosArmenatzoglou author
aSatoshiNakamura author
aDanLiu author
aLeonardoMangia author
aMikeGardner author
aM.RanjitMurthy author
aD.R.McGregor author
aJhansiRaniVennam author
aJergSchlesser author
aWei-bangChen author
aUstunYildiz author
aKatharinaGren author
aA.Burrell author
aJuanPaven author
aZainalA.Hasibuan author
aGrantMalcolm author
aAlexanderIlin author
aAbdelsalamHeddaya author
aSergeyV.Petrov author
aO.Yu.Gorchinskaya author
aBrendanMcNichols author
aKangChen author
aHengPan author
aYunfengLiu author
aXiangdongQin author
aYinshengLi author
aNaoyukiKato author
aDeborahEstrin author
aSuzanneM.Mahoney author
aWendyXihyuWu author
aJamesW.Welch author
aArisAnagnostopoulos author
aRaymondLau author
aLeonidKhachiyan author
aGediminasAdomavicius author
aGeorgesDupret author
aNathanG.Freier author
aMariosPoulos author
aVladimirSlamecka author
aGyergyRezsa author
aK.Devine author
aThomasKrichel author
aEunyeeKoh author
aJongdoPark author
aKunpengZhu author
aJoaquinRapela author
aCharalamposLampos author
aH.V.Sahasrabuddhe author
aUweHeinkel author
aRupaliPatwardhan author
aJirongSun author
aDenisGouin author
aR.Ledin author
aOliviuGhica author
aAndrewMcGregor author
aHavaT.Siegelmann author
aJin-HyukHong author
aFaouziKossentini author
aDavidFoote author
aEndreSzeva-Kovets author
aFrizoA.L.Janssens author
aTargaPietilainen author
aElkeDuncker author
aHaodongHu author
aHwan-SeungYong author
aCristinaDutradeAguiarCiferri author
aAdrianaZ.Martinhago author
aJoseL.S.Pio author
aHeloiseManica author
aJulioN.Louzada author
aAnaM.Gutierrez author
aMartinRandles author
aRosarioUceda-Sosa author
aR.delosRios author
aErnstMeyer author
aKazuoTomita author
aCarolA.Bean author
aJeppeNicolaisen author
aFengrongGao author
aLixuGu author
aMaryBethWeber author
aBinFu author
aIsakTaksa author
aJohnC.Lusth author
aDavidFulker author
aA.C.Chapin author
aJohnM.Budd author
aDanielPogue author
aMichaelSamuel author
aPedroSander author
aStanleyZionts author
aA.JerryBaker author
aJimDorward author
aHemaRaghavan author
aAniruddhaMahajan author
aJonPatrick author
aAaronJ.Quigley author
aMinglongShao author
aWesleyNicholson author
aDavidR.Quarrie author
aAnesioLacerda author
aKathyGorman author
aAnthonyOlden author
aNaomiSager author
aJ.DavidJohnson author
aMichaelFactor author
aJohnM.Wiest author
aXiaoQin author
aAnnaLjungberg author
aLumeO'Malley author
aRogerY.M.Cheung author
aShiuh-JengWang author
aThanhBinhNguyen author
aJesperSimonsen author
aBillGrosky author
aTakakoSato author
aT.S.E.Maibaum author
aSuhayyaAbu-Hakima author
aIrinaShapira author
aDoreenL.Erickson author
aIyadZayour author
aDavidBellin author
aJunminGu author
aMasakatsuMori author
aMan-KwanShan author
aAndrewWood author
aAmjadUmar author
aKyonamChoo author
aAthanassiosPapagelis author
aOlivierLoreal author
aMathiasLux author
aMariuszMomotko author
aMauroSozio author
aN.SadatShami author
aChristopherBarton author
aLotharF.Mackert author
aMasumZ.Hasan author
aQuetzalcoatlBradley author
aNishithPathak author
aMatthiasRuhl author
aAnilK.Garg author
aJohnW.T.Lee author
aPuthirakOm author
aDoubFarber author
aGraemeSimsion author
aMagdiN.Kamel author
aAndreaMoed author
aDimitrisJ.Kavvadias author
aThiagoB.Silva author
aBrianMo author
aUng-MoKim author
aHirokiTakakura author
aShantKarakashian author
aS.J.Park author
aDavidW.Shipman author
aDavidP.Woodruff author
aLuquanJiang author
aCesareStefanelli author
aKenYong-Hing author
aCoskunBayrak author
aDavidW.Russell author
aAlexanderD.Stoyenko author
aDavidRine author
aJyhChenHwang author
aW.B.Dress author
aNaiquanZheng author
aMarcusL.Healey author
aShin-MuTseng author
aMingHua author
aAimiliaMagkanaraki author
aJosianeSalaun author
aJayD.Bolter author
aRobinMurray author
aDorisFlorian author
aMakotoNakashima author
aAlbert-LeszleBarabesi author
aChadM.Cumby author
aSrinivasanJagannathan author
aTakashiKokubo author
aPhanMinhDung author
aAllenLuniewski author
aEliasN.Houstis author
aMarcBui author
aMarinosThemistocleous author
aStathesHadjiefthymiades author
aJairoAndresMojica author
aRenatoBulceoNeto author
aDavidW.Bustard author
aRiccardoAlbertoni author
aPhilippeFontaine author
aCristinaMihaila author
aSavasParastatidis author
aNaruHirata author
aHaYoonSong author
aPaulaMontoto author
aMariaR.Lee author
aVassilisStoumpos author
aElisabettaPulle author
aEberhardWolff author
aAntonioCammelli author
aNicolasBelloir author
aEmmanuelSolidakis author
aAndreKehler author
aSaranaNutanong author
aDiaaEldinNassar author
aAliIsmael author
aW.HomerCarlisle author
aBruceK.Holmer author
aBhaskaraMarthi author
aRexdiBona author
aTomHeskes author
aZacharyPines author
aLoredanaParasilitiProvenza author
aTatianaEvreinova author
aNathanielBauernfeind author
aChou-YuanLee author
aBiancaZadrozny author
aJariWilliams author
aKathleenBergen author
aNaliniNadkarni author
aSorayaAbad author
aHojjatJafarpour author
aJieTian author
aDenisCharles author
aHaiminLee author
aM.R.Brown author
aIsaacBalbin author
aKelvinCheung author
aChristianGarcia-Arellano author
aShaiBen-David author
aKennethE.Murphy author
aHamdiYahyaoui author
aYapinZhong author
aDamienDaspit author
aA.Ghayoori author
aYasushiInoguchi author
aJefferyR.Jensen author
aNiloofarArshadi author
aS.Kosinov author
aEduardoSanyLaber author
aRussellT.Edwards author
aKouichiHirata author
aKilianThiel author
aJosephLee author
aSeung-HyunJung author
aEun-BaeKong author
aJae-SooYoo author
aTae-KyungKim author
aMengHu author
aChaoYoung author
aMinnSeokChoi author
aKaanOzbay author
aDonaldBrown author
aDongmingLu author
aShouhongWang author
aMahmoudYoussef author
aBrianCort author
aMarioNueez-Molina author
aRobertSnyder author
aEykeHellermeier author
aNicolaPedot author
aT.Drucker author
aVincentQuint author
aMonikaBihler author
aJamesCurrall author
aTomasA.Lipinski author
aLoetLeydesdorff author
aReinhardRapp author
aHyun-WooCho author
aCarlosGonzelezMueoz author
aAngelosHliaoutakis author
aKalliopiZervanou author
aJordiBataller author
aUpenS.Chakravarthy author
aDanielDiemers author
aTerryCoatta author
aShanCheng author
aYuanGan author
aChristophKlauck author
aRamiroLiscano author
aGerhardH.R.Reisig author
aMohdHasanSelamat author
aLeonidasBardis author
aD.FrankHsu author
aKwekuEwusi-Mensah author
aJohannK.Obermaier author
aIgorR.Viguier author
aMasatoTakeichi author
aShosakuTanaka author
aRebeccaHwa author
aMikeMaxwell author
aYoshinoriSakai author
aJohnRoh author
aVoThiNgocChau author
aLiLin author
aOliverCostich author
aJergenSteger author
aUgurGedekbay author
aPhilipL.Isenhour author
aShawnKerrigan author
aDevendraPotnis author
aPoojaTrivedi author
aAnthonyM.Townsend author
aMartinKlein author
aAlexMarti author
aJeongsooKim author
aJonathanZittrain author
aAlanGangWang author
aLiranElihay author
aWilliamFord author
aYue-ShanChang author
aJunichiSuzuki author
aStefanScherrer author
aDaisukeMorikawa author
aTakashiMatsunaka author
aHirozumiYamaguchi author
aGladysKong author
aAlbertoMessina author
aJohnCaron author
aFredericJaccard author
aHillaryCaituiro-Monge author
aSandervanDijk author
aTatyanaRyutov author
aAaronBerkovich author
aG.Sampath author
aMichaelMinock author
aKang-KueLee author
aHsuan-HungLin author
aSheng-JieHuang author
aMatthiasRhiner author
aMingTang author
aRyutaOsaki author
aPeterSawyer author
aErlingNygaard author
aSujoeBose author
aJan-HenrikJohansson author
aF.Selicato author
aAndrewCurtis author
aGiannisBozas author
aAbdelfettahHasbani author
aFabrizioTurchi author
aMakotoHara author
aIvicaCrnkovic author
aRandyM.Kaplan author
aThomasJ.Marlowe author
aGerardLevy author
aMiroslawTruszczynski author
aMargueriteC.Murphy author
aMarioJino author
aH.R.Johnson author
aPeterS.Kastner author
aCarloCarlesi author
aFabrizioBaiardi author
aRogerK.Shultz author
aNigelWu author
aQuang-KhaiPham author
aFarnamJahanian author
aHidetoKazawa author
aSatyaDharanipragada author
aAntonioCisternino author
aStefaniaGalizia author
aMihaelAnkerst author
aChuckThier author
aRolfWohed author
aDeanKuo author
aTedSharpe author
aFeiChen0002 author
aMichaelFlaster author
aNebojsaStefanovic author
aEe-ChienChang author
aFedericaPaci author
aJavierParraFuente author
aTerrenceC.Poon author
aGiuseppeTribulato author
aYusukeHayashi author
aHolgerKasinger author
aChang-SupPark author
aE.Liopitris author
aRichardMench author
aGudrunFischer author
aGerhardPaae author
aRafikBraham author
aOlafHerden author
aFionaS.L.Brinkman author
aMatthewEricOtey author
aShoheiHido author
aSasivimolKittivoravitkul author
aHolgerHorn author
aClaudioEsperanea author
aFernandoJ.Corbacho author
aLawrenceTeo author
aRainerKuropka author
aMikaNarita author
aJae-MyungKim author
aO.C.Akinyokun author
aQiangXue author
aJordiForne author
aVladimirDyo author
aConstanzeTschope author
aJoseA.Montenegro author
aDusanHesek author
aReinerKammeller author
aAniruddhaS.Gokhale author
aThaesVasconcelosBatista author
aSungkilLee author
aJianfeiZhu author
aKadriHacioglu author
aKennethB.Haase author
aMyoung-SooKang author
aFrancescoDomenichini author
aJulieWaterhouse author
aAntoniodePeduaAlbuquerqueOliveira author
aDavidW.Bachmann author
aM.AndreaRodreguez author
aJeanVaillancourt author
aMartinD.Levine author
aXiangSeanZhou author
aZijianDeng author
aHuaMinFeng author
aNicolasMaillot author
aDoaaSamy author
aVascoPedro author
aMariaSmith author
aSumitSarkar author
aGilbertoZontaPastorelloJr. author
aMyriemSriti author
aGaneshSanthanakrishnan author
aShahirDaya author
aMarcKhouzam author
aK.Kabbaj author
aKateSmith-Miles author
aKarenChase author
aMaliniKothapalli author
aSerhiyPolyakov author
aYuanyuanLi author
aDerekG.Smith author
aStuartWeibel author
aMichaelR.Leach author
aEngNgahLooi author
aRobertC.Vreeland author
aBertrandZavidovique author
aJanW.Buzydlowski author
aXiaodanZhou author
aJiangqinWu author
aKhinMiMiAung author
aSandroEtalle author
aRobertG.Ross author
aJamesL.Dolby author
aMohammedBenkhalifa author
aNikSwoboda author
aJacekSroka author
aMartinHuber author
aJosenildoCostadaSilva author
aMachikoToyoda author
aPaulShrubsole author
aRudiCilibrasi author
aL.P.English author
aFredericMigeon author
aAshishLohia author
aJaberAlmerri author
aV.Singh author
aDonaldJ.Patterson author
aTimothyA.H.Bell author
aChenZhang author
aGiorgosB.Stamou author
aAfsheenRajendran author
aTakayukiWarabino author
aJavierSoriano author
aLauraCerami author
aAnishArora author
aKihwanKim author
aG.CraigMurray author
aMartinPorter author
aKellyY.Itakura author
aYongLiu author
aSudhakarYalamanchili author
aWenliangDu author
aVassilisG.Kaburlasos author
aBehrouzH.Far author
aGeorgeHarhalakis author
aMariaIndrawan author
aNathanF.Wallace author
aToshiyukiTakamiya author
aDavidA.Hartschuh author
aYuichiNishihara author
aTakaakiHoribuchi author
aLauraCostea author
aS.E.Johnson author
aBichengLiu author
aFernandoFlores author
aYi-TingFu author
aRichardC.Honour author
aAlbertoDeaz author
aLionelPort author
aFionaPolack author
aManuelGarcea author
aAdrienneWarmack author
aJ.K.Lee author
aGuoTongXie author
aHosangSung author
aNickPittas author
aIanR.Palmer author
aChristopherEarnest author
aTeresaGerassimenko author
aDavidA.Penny author
aGaryG.Hendrix author
aGregoryJ.E.Rawlins author
aMichaelUbell author
aJosephKalash author
aDouglasS.Kerr author
aPaulaStrawser author
aSoujiYamashita author
aBingquanLiu author
aSeokBaeJang author
aMichaelSubotin author
aO.K.Ewell author
aDonaldR.Smith author
aThomasShaughnessy author
aJackCarroll author
aJean-MarieRaviart author
aMarjanKrisper author
aJ.B.Crampes author
aKeijiYanai author
aEugeneInseokChong author
aJ.K.Metzger author
aLinPadgham author
aAlvinM.Despain author
aBernhardHoltkamp author
aColinFyfe author
aEdMeier author
aMasaakiKikuchi author
aM.Braun author
aKaiZhang author
aLeiQi author
aKatarzynaHarezlak author
aRoyD.Pea author
aYinyanCao author
aJohnD.Holt author
aL.Gomez-Chantada author
aLaureBrisoux author
aDao-QingDai author
aLeeIverson author
aJonPhipps author
aCandemirToklu author
aMarcoPetke author
aCarloTorniai author
aRobertWilliams author
aJinChunLee author
aXiaochunCheng author
aJeng-ShyangPan author
aThanawinRakthanmanon author
aTianmingHu author
aDavidP.Hansen author
aByung-YeonHwang author
aHanWeiHong author
aDaeilPark author
aT.BasilSmith author
aLaurentNemirovski author
aAshishKundu author
aBorisCadish author
aStephenKimani author
aLeonChen author
aJosephZehnder author
aTrondKnudsen author
aYiQin author
aDongwanShin author
aCsillaFarkas author
aFaustoGiunchiglia author
aAlessioGugliotta author
aAmirAhmad author
aY.C.Tay author
aSaarCohen author
aThomasHeppler author
aMahaSoliman author
aGuangFeng author
aDavidA.Turner author
aWu-HonF.Leung author
aJianGong author
aXiaoqiYang author
aS.AlirezaAghili author
aAndreaValerio author
aEfstratiosValavanis author
aVeronicaBiazzo author
aBernhardSchneider author
aYu-ChungWang author
aKonstantinosZachos author
aYannisStavrakas author
aTaoYu author
aKemalA.Delic author
aStephanLechner author
aMon-FongJiang author
aVictorTeixeiradeAlmeida author
aIngridHsieh-Yee author
aShaneM.Greenstein author
aAnthonyDebons author
aJeffreyC.Stier author
aMikeSteckel author
aDavidWallace author
aEstherE.Horne author
aAndresSchubert author
aEllenRiloff author
aVineetAgrwal author
aJisookPark author
aElenaCamossi author
aDanJiang author
aFabrizioSilvestri author
aGianluigiCiocca author
aBodoBillerbeck author
aIbrahimF.Imam author
aMichaelJ.Harrison author
aJesseMartin author
aM.Harzallah author
aOndrejVosta author
aChangqingChen author
aDineshK.Desai author
aHelmutThoma author
aLukasBlunschi author
aHenryChang author
aJoshuaJohnston author
aDaleE.Nelson author
aBelaHalassy author
aRobertoRiggio author
aDannyWyatt author
aS.El-Shihaby author
aXiangHe author
aMichaelB.Twidale author
aSidMcCormac author
aCostelStanca author
aWilliamRybolt author
aTroyLamoreaux author
aIonIvan author
aDanielLihuiGu author
aTriadafyllosKoukouvinos author
aJussiStader author
aVicenteLuqueCenteno author
aSangH.Lee author
aRonitNossenson author
aJiguoYu author
aMordechaiNisenson author
aCelsoA.A.Kaestner author
aSamarthPrakash author
aQiangHuang author
aKenWilliams author
aHugoJairEscalante author
aChutipornAnutariya author
aNobukoMiura author
aVadirajaBhatt author
aPeterMertens author
aPeterSmeaton author
aCoryDevor author
aJudithCopler author
aPekkaUusitalo author
aJin-GukJung author
aIonelD.Stroe author
aKiyoshiOno author
aRaymondKlefstad author
aEdwardL.Wimmers author
aFaezaNajjar author
aChia-HaoLo author
aHyunWoongShin author
aSarmadHussain author
aJakubWroblewski author
aTerranLane author
aYaokaiFeng author
aWanD.Bae author
aAnnPrestrud author
aQianchengJiang author
aJonathanR.M.Hosking author
aTomasoPoggio author
aKetilStelen author
aMaheshV.Tripunitara author
aNikolaMilosavljevic author
aAlinaEne author
aBrunoCrispo author
aAndre-LucBeylot author
aZhongFan author
aHarryG.Perros author
aHellaKaffelBenAyed author
aDjenabouDiallo author
aRikFarenhorst author
aAnthonyHarrington author
aJamesRiely author
aWalterAdelLeitePereira author
aHarryZhang author
aZhengguoHu author
aRobertBurgin author
aMichaelKoenig author
aF.J.McErlean author
aVictorJanvierBikai-Nyunai author
aSumaliJ.Conlon author
aYanMa author
aDavidH.Hickam author
aJackMeadows author
aEmmaJeanMcKinin author
aGeorgeCleland author
aVasilikiTziovara author
aMariadaConceieeoMoraesBatista author
aMasatoOguchi author
aDanCorbett author
aPeterBertek author
aGerardEllis author
aDarrellConklin author
aShashiK.Gadia author
aPericlesA.Mitkas author
aFah-ChunCheong author
aJonathanWalpole author
aChristianMorbidoni author
aDavidWood author
aLenjaSorokin author
aHelenM.Berman author
aCesarA.Collazos author
aLionelVillard author
aErwinLaure author
aHidetoIkeda author
aStanleyM.T.Yau author
aVenuVasudevan author
aRatulkr.Majumdar author
aHaifeiLi author
aUdaykiranVallamsetty author
aJean-MarcSaglio author
aV.Jung author
aPaulMorin author
aAnuragAcharya author
aThomasHernandez author
aZhongWeiLuo author
aChenQun author
aIdaLozares author
aMarcelleMentor author
aCliffordE.Wulfman author
aGergeKiss author
aThorstenHotzel author
aWai-ShingHo author
aGavinJancke author
aMarcelJ.T.Reinders author
aWeiranXu author
aBaruchFischhoff author
aDidierTallot author
aLihuaSong author
aFeiHe author
aLiliaCheniti-Belcadhi author
aMarcusOswald author
aJoachimBaumeister author
aFrancescoRicci author
aTor-KristianJenssen author
aMagdaleneMarinaki author
aPawelBoinski author
aNaveenKumar author
aYuhuiZhong author
aW.A.Nowlan author
aKeijiKojima author
aAbbyGoodrum author
aPerNielsen author
aSocorroMillen author
aErnestinaMenasalvasRuiz author
aZanoniDias author
aKariVisala author
aMauricioAyala-Rincen author
aJ.W.Sanders author
aCarlosSuerez-Balseiro author
aN.Vleduts-Stokolov author
aAlvinHutchinson author
aShengGao author
aPabloGerves author
aHong(Iris)Xie author
aJ.Daroussin author
aDavidMiller author
aLutzBornmann author
aGarettO.Dworman author
aJin'ichiMurakami author
aHui-FengLi author
aRachelReynolds author
aTamotsuShirado author
aPyungKim author
aDouglasR.Cutting author
aJoshuaO'Madadhain author
aAlanT.Murray author
aSunghwanMin author
aJoseLuiselvarezMaceas author
aGeorgeH.L.Fletcher author
aIrwinGreenberg author
aFranciscodelPozo author
aBillP.Buckles author
aHeinzUphoff author
aWayneD.Dominick author
aCarloTasso author
aShuguangWang author
aSungyoungLee author
aBarryT.Thomas author
aSamanCooray author
aNamjungKim author
aMasakiNaito author
aJianminLi author
aSolomonEyalShimony author
aChangxiuCheng author
aIsaoShinohara author
aPhilipGarcia author
aCliffB.Jones author
aHuiSong author
aWenyinLiu author
aChristianTimmerer author
aAndrewZisserman author
aPamelaBriggs author
aPaulS.Jacobs author
aLimingMeng author
aHansChristophZeidler author
aPauloOliveira author
aTeodorMihai author
aHolgerBosch author
aSergeiSavchenko author
aJingYu author
aBrianKnight author
aIrvingL.Traiger author
aJulianA.Yochum author
aJoachimSchaper author
aPaulWaddell author
aNatalieHelbig author
aAdamL.Berger author
aSchyChiou author
aPingDing author
aCorinneKassapoglou-Faist author
aJohnK.Tsotsos author
aRobertNiewiadomski author
aRebecaP.DeazRedondo author
aJohnUlmschneider author
aXinHe author
aBernardM.Fry author
aYeeLeung author
aSteveCarver author
aMaxA.Moritz author
aJohnW.Brawley author
aStuartS.Sherburne author
aJamesToledano author
aLinHui author
aDanielLynch author
aMikeJackson0004 author
aTe-WeiChiang author
aElenaV.Ravve author
aHenkJ.Scholten author
aPeterLadstetter author
aAdrianaPrado author
aNitin"Nick"Sawhney author
aH.VanDykeParunak author
aDanielA.Smith author
aDavidC.Smith author
aY.Despotopoulos author
aAlainFrisch author
aKathleenFisher author
aRimmaV.Nehme author
aBirgerHensel author
aSingerWang author
aCongfengJiang author
aHongLi author
aShuqinWang author
aSteffenHeber author
aEdgarH.Sibley author
aJamesB.RothnieJr. author
aG.A.Marks author
aMichaelV.Sullivan author
aLaurenceB.Heilprin author
aJohnathanGoldman author
aJ.D.R.deRaadt author
aVioletaDamjanovic author
aPetraHeinl author
aVincentGiard author
aWeiquanZhao author
aArminEberlein author
aQiangZhang author
aHyunjinYoon author
aChrisDrummond author
aSangKilChang author
aBusbyAttoh-Okine author
aYannisSotiropoulos author
aJuergenHaas author
aHannaStelmaszewska author
aAlexanderHilligervonThile author
aRaviB.Nannapaneni author
aElviraSchaefer author
aJochenRetschlin author
aHans-PeterWeber author
aRoyT.Fielding author
aWilliamT.Crocca author
aBonnieJ.Dorr author
aAlbertF.M.Yuen author
aAnneLeCalve author
aNancyA.VanHouse author
aThoManhNguyen author
aEricLo author
aFrancisMolina author
aSandipanBhattacharjee author
aDanielB.Carr author
aJanetDavis author
aL.DwayneNickels author
aFangfangXu author
aAlbertoSillitti author
aJ.Verso author
aLoryD.Molesky author
aXiang-RongJiang author
aNataliaPerelman author
aJinSongDong author
aHeinzSchweppe author
aNadineSchulz author
aPragyaP.Rajauria author
aHelbertArenas author
aJanLehnhardt author
aGenoveffaTortora author
aDaoqiangZhang author
aYi-ZhengFan author
aKapsuKim author
aMichaelOrtega-Binderberger author
aThomasKeller author
aKarenWard author
aFrancoBartolini author
aRafaelOrtiz author
aP.Cadinot author
aXiaoweiYan author
aCheng-RuLin author
aAndreasThomsen author
aDeminXiong author
aCarolineHaythornthwaite author
aKarenMarkey author
aAyrtonMaiaNeto author
aGerhardJakisch author
aYoung-JooNa author
aTakushiTanaka author
aEricBreck author
aYuichiKojima author
aThomasWilhelm author
aBaoxinLi author
aVittorioFerrari author
aAlperOkcan author
aRabiaNuray-Turan author
aOlegT.Balovnev author
aShuChen author
aBiancaSchroeder author
aScottRickard author
aEdwinO.HeiermanIII author
aFco.JavierLozanoVelezquez author
aJohnWhite author
aS.Louis author
aHansGilgen author
aMustafaJarrar author
aK.HalPurdy author
aMichaelH.Rothkopf author
aAvidehZakhor author
aJergKorzonnek author
aRicardoBianchini author
aWimVanderperren author
aShan-HweiNienhuys-Cheng author
aH.LewisChau author
aOlivierCure author
aRolfeR.Schmidt author
aDavidRichie author
aAndrewTherber author
aHerveMenager author
aJamesW.Flanagan author
aElisabethG.Todd author
aIoanaBoier author
aDeanDiepeveen author
aWeiqiangLin author
aAlanJaySmith author
aEugeneWu0002 author
aYangShuQiang author
aMarcoA.Palomino author
aSamuelA.Oliveira author
aJayBanerjee author
aDidierRoland author
aYannisMarinakis author
aSharonMcDonald author
aYikeGuo author
aAbdelghaniBellaachia author
aJamesCogswell author
aSamanthaKellyHastings author
aChunxiaYin author
aDiegoPuppin author
aBarbaraRay author
aJeffreyE.Teich author
aXuequnWu author
aG.M.Harshavardhan author
aMichaelNolen author
aLiminYao author
aRuslanSalakhutdinov author
aSuhailAnsari author
aHaralamposPozidis author
aJudyKay author
aLuesM.S.Russo author
aFenghuaLu author
aAlessandroPaci author
aWilliamS.Evans author
aYuanYuanGuo author
aJohanHimberg author
aByoungMoIm author
aSreenivasGukal author
aRuiChen author
aJohnL.Wilson author
aMinwenJi author
aGeorgeT.Duncan author
aRogerT.Alexander author
aHolgerSchwarz author
aXiaoshuHang author
aNanhLeThanh author
aTakuyaKida author
aPierrePeterlongo author
aHadasShachnai author
aMenicaCaniupenMarileo author
aHuahaiHe author
aFaustoV.M.Ayres author
aMatthewGebski author
aSimonParsons author
aPadmavathiVallabhaneni author
aHonglanJin author
aVicenteMatellen author
aMichelleQ.WangBaldonado author
aDietrichBoles author
aPaulFrancis author
aD.D.Velthausz author
aChengfengHan author
aBarbaraP.Buttenfield author
aYusukeUehara author
aJamesG.Mullen author
aT.LougeniaAnderson author
aOlafScheel author
aLucDehaspe author
aTaoPei author
aWilliamJ.Waltman author
aMyriaW.Allen author
aJaneFedorowicz author
aDavidW.Scott author
aAlexanderZipf author
aFredericBertrand author
aNicolaMaiellaro author
aYifeiXue author
aDanielSaiHoChung author
aRichardMaclin author
aAndreaBozzi author
aEduardoUrbina author
aMimiRecker author
aRonaldBaecker author
aNanZhou author
aAshrafMemon author
aAlexanderE.Wise author
aDominiqueBachelet author
aRafaelFernandez-Sein author
aFrantisekBrabec author
aDeepuRajan author
aDavidA.Basin author
aAnnaLisaFerrara author
aClausBrabrand author
aSethCohen author
aRajivChopra author
aInienSyu author
aJergenKoenemann author
aDanRoth author
aRaoufBoutaba author
aJoseNeumandeSouza author
aJ.-M.Pageot author
aThereseLibourel author
aAmyJ.Lee author
aChung-ShuYang author
aLawrenceW.Dowdy author
aRobertNado author
aSharonJ.Laskowski author
aPengBai author
aMandarRahurkar author
aMariosSintichakis author
aDougCooper author
aJamesR.Hamilton author
aRohitVarma author
aM.L.Davis author
aAlexandreMoine author
aJun-ichiroAbe author
aShinichiShimozono author
aBaoliangLiu author
aMinfangZhu author
aXiaoJi author
aXiaoweiKan author
aAndreasSteiner author
aGersonSunye author
aHassanN.Srinidhi author
aT.Hossain author
aSudarshanMurthy author
aE.K.F.Dang author
aMaryAnnFitzgerald author
aVictorKuperman author
aOlofSundin author
aZhengWang author
aPeterH.Aiken author
aMareaVirginiaMauco author
aSapeJ.Mullender author
aDavidHanley author
aQinXin author
aThomasKunz author
aDurgaPrabhakar author
aPengZhao author
aJadrankaAlilovic-Curgus author
aMassimoTisi author
aGuillaumeWaignier author
aAndresIborra author
aStevenHagan author
aBradleyR.Schmerl author
aC.RobertZarnke author
aJiangLi author
aMagnusLieHetland author
aRajaRamnarayan author
aFengChen author
aJeffreyBenkler author
aAlbrechtZimmermann author
aRoseDieng-Kuntz author
aArne-JergenBerre author
aP.O'Brien author
aStephanHerrmann author
aNadiaBianchi-Berthouze author
aJeongKyuLee author
aJamesC.Tilton author
aRieHonda author
aAntonioPoloMerquez author
aF.Abad author
aRubenFrances author
aJ.TomesNogalesFlores author
aTeresaSenchezSanz author
aJavierBezos author
aAngelMartenez author
aNeriaComellas author
aJohnLehman author
aLushengJi author
aKeithC.Clarke author
aKyounghwanAn author
aAndreHebner author
aMarcelaXavierRibeiro author
aLeonPortman author
aVahurRebas author
aTerezaIofciu author
aChristinaStahl author
aKeithBradley author
aM.Le author
aMichaelD.Gibson author
aAjitBapat author
aGeorgeEconomou author
aAdrianWest author
aAymanAmmoura author
aWeiyiLiu author
aYonglakSohn author
aRituSibal author
aDanielaDamm author
aW.-P.Lee author
aChristianOch author
aJensA.Hem author
aFrankAllanHansen author
aHeatherRoinestad author
aPaulMulholland author
aPhilipRobinson author
aPanosRondogiannis author
aWilliamA.Haber author
aRachelL.Freeman author
aJeffreyW.Seifert author
aAybarC.Acar author
aPeterRyan author
aPeterJ.Sell author
aCristiGarvey author
aTetsuyaHiguchi author
aG.Schumacher author
aL.J.Lapro author
vFoundationsandTrendsinInformationRetrieval conf
aM.K.Hughey author
aChrisBritton author
aMarioDesiderio author
aCarlosMiguens author
aBernardK.Plagman author
aIgnazioPalmisano author
aBertilFolliot author
aSarahHiggins author
aBenjaminB.Bederson author
aAlisonHuettner author
aTedWobber author
aWentingTang author
aKemalAltinkemer author
aVisweswarK.Bulusu author
aRajaKrithivasan author
aKrishnamurthyVidyasankar author
aGuidoVetere author
aMarcMeyer author
aMadhukarN.Thakur author
aKentarouKido author
aPavelVaracha author
aChrisMungall author
aIoanToma author
aAndreasL.Prodromidis author
aMinhLeNguyen author
aMing-ChiangChen author
aHo-JoonLee author
aSidneyMorris author
aNachiketKamat author
aPawelGburzynski author
aMing-HuaYang author
aChing-ChengLee author
aChenhanWu author
